

===== PAGE 1 =====
SUMMARY
Chapter 1
1、Globalization has created an interdependent world community.
全球化造就了一个相互依存的世界共同体。
2、Interdependency has brought many benefits but also raised new challenges.
相互依存带来了诸多益处，但也引发了新的挑战。
3、The globalized community must work across national and cultural borders to
manage growing and potential international problems.
全球化的社会必须跨越国家和文化边界开展合作，以应对日益增多的潜在国际问
题。
Chapter 2
4、Culture and communication are so intertwined that it is easy to think that culture is
communication and that communication is culture.
文化与传播相互交织，以至于人们很容易认为文化即传播，传播即文化。
5、Culture is a set of human-made objective and subjective elements that in the past
have increased the probability of survival and resulted in satisfaction for the
participants in an ecological niche and thus became shared among those who could
communicate with each other because they had a common language and lived in the
same time and place.
文化是人类创造的一系列客观和主观元素，在过去，这些元素提高了人类在特定
生态位中的生存概率，并让身处其中的人们获得满足感。因此，那些使用共同语
言、生活在同一时空的人能够相互交流，并共享这些文化元素。
6、Culture informs its members regarding life；therefore，it reduces confusion and
helps them predict what to expect from life.
文化向其成员传递有关生活的信息；因此，它减少了困惑，并帮助他们预测生活
中可能会遇到的情况。
7、The central characteristics of culture are that it is shared ，transmitted from
generation to generation，based on symbols，learned，and dynamic.
文化的核心特征包括：文化是共享的，代代相传的，基于符号的，可习得的，并
且是动态发展的。
8、The elements that compose culture are worldview，religion，history，values，social
organization，and language.
构成文化的要素包括世界观、宗教、历史、价值观、社会组织和语言。
Chapter 3
9、The deep structures of a culture，which include such elements as family (clans)，
state (community)，and religion (worldview)，are important because they perpetuate a


===== PAGE 2 =====
culture’s most significant beliefs and values. Their messages endure，are deeply felt，
and help supply much of a culture’s identity.
一种文化的深层结构，包括家庭（宗族）、国家（社群）和宗教（世界观）等要
素，非常重要，因为它们使一种文化中最重要的信仰和价值观得以延续。这些深
层结构传递的信息经久不衰，能引发深刻的情感共鸣，并有助于塑造一种文化的
认同感。
10、Families can take a variety of forms. The two most common are nuclear and
extended.
家庭可以有多种形式。最常见的两种是核心家庭和扩展家庭。
Chapter 4
11、Perception may be defined as the process whereby people convert external events
and experiences into meaningful internal understanding.
感知可以被定义为人们将外部事件和经历转化为有意义的内在理解的过程。
12、Perception is the primary mechanism by which you develop your worldview.
感知是你形成世界观的主要机制。
Chapter 5
13、Identity is a highly abstract，dynamic，multifaceted concept that defines who you
are.
身份是一个高度抽象、动态且多面的概念，它定义了你是谁。
14、Identities can be categorized as human ，social ，and personal ；another
classification scheme uses personal，relational，and communal.
身份可以分为人类身份、社会身份和个人身份；另一种分类方案则采用个人身份、
关系身份和集体身份。
Chapter 6
15、Language allows people to exchange information and abstract ideas，and it is an
integral part of identity.
语言使人们能够交流信息和抽象概念，并且它是身份认同的重要组成部分。
16、Language is a set of shared symbols used to create meaning. The words that
people use are not only symbolic，but the relationship between the symbol and the
meaning is often arbitrary. Symbols can evoke both denotative and connotative
messages.
语言是一套用于创造意义的共享符号。人们使用的词汇不仅具有象征意义，而且
符号与意义之间的关系往往是任意的。符号既能传达字面意义，也能传达隐含意
义。
17、A culture’s use of language influences how that culture perceives the world and
communicates within that world.


===== PAGE 3 =====
一种文化对语言的运用会影响该文化如何感知世界以及在这个世界中进行交流。
Chapter 8
18、Culture shock is a mental state that can occur when moving from a familiar to an
unfamiliar environment and finding that established patterns of behavior are
ineffective.
文化冲击是一种心理状态，当人们从熟悉的环境进入陌生环境，发现既定的行为
模式不再有效时，就可能会出现这种状态。


===== PAGE 4 =====
1、Objectivity
The very definition of objectivity — “ Not influenced by personal feelings,
interpretations, or prejudice; based on facts; unbiased: an objective opinion”—should
highlight the difficulty of trying to communicate with other people while suspending
personal judgment.
客观性
客观性的定义本身——“不受个人情感、解读或偏见的影响；基于事实；无偏见：
客观的意见”——就应该凸显出在不做个人评判的情况下与他人交流的难度。
2、The Use of Communication
①Communication helps fulfill interpersonal needs
②Communication assists with person perception
③Communication established cultural and personal identities
④Communication has persuasive qualities
沟通的作用
①沟通有助于满足人际需求
②沟通有助于对他人的认知
③沟通能确立文化和个人身份
④沟通具有说服性特质
3、Components of Human Communication
①Communication is a dynamic process
②Communication is symbolic
③Communication is contextual
④Communication is self-reflective
⑤Communication is irreversible
⑥Communication has a consequence
⑦Communication is complex
人类沟通的要素
①沟通是一个动态的过程
②沟通具有象征性
③沟通是有情境性的
④沟通具有自我反思性
⑤沟通是不可逆的
⑥沟通会产生后果
⑦沟通是复杂的
4、Culture
Culture is a set of human-made objective and subjective elements that in the past have
increased the probability of survival and resulted in satisfaction for the participants in
an ecological niche, and thus became shared among those who could communicate
with each other because they had a common language and they lived in the same time
and place.
文化


===== PAGE 5 =====
文化是人类创造的一系列客观和主观元素，在过去，这些元素提高了人类在特定
生态位中的生存概率，并让参与者获得满足感，因此，在那些使用共同语言、生
活在同一时间和地点且能够相互交流的人群中得以共享。
5、Characteristics of Culture
①Culture is shared
②Culture is transmitted from generation to generation
③Culture is based on symbols
④Culture is learned
文化的特征
①文化是共享的
②文化是代代相传的
③文化基于符号
④文化是习得的
6、①Children have never been very good at listening to their elders，but they have
never failed to imitate them.
②In every conceivable manner，the family is a link to our past and a bridge to our
future.
③The family is the nucleus of civilization.
①孩子们从来都不太善于倾听长辈的话，但他们却总是会模仿长辈。
②无论从哪方面看，家庭都是我们与过去的纽带，也是通向未来的桥梁。
③家庭是文明的核心。
7、The three most influential social organizations are (1) family (clans)，(2) state
(community)，and (3) religion (worldview).
最具影响力的三个社会组织分别是：（1）家庭（家族），（2）国家（社群），
以及（3）宗教（世界观）。
8、①nuclear family：核心家庭（由父母及未婚子女组成的家庭单位）
②extended family：扩展家庭（除核心家庭成员外，还包括祖父母、叔伯姑舅等
亲属的家庭结构）
9、Functions of The Family
①Reproductive function
②Economic function
③Socialization function
④Language acquisition function
⑤Identity function
家庭的功能
①生殖功能
②经济功能
③社会化功能


===== PAGE 6 =====
④语言习得功能
⑤身份认同功能
10、①Perception is selective—Because there are so many stimuli simultaneously
competing for the attention of your senses，you focus only on selected information
and filter out the rest.
②
Perception is learned — Life’s experiences teach you to see the world in a
particular way.
③
Perception is culturally determined — Culture teaches you the meaning behind
most of your experiences.
④Perception is consistent—Once you perceive something in a particular manner，
that interpretation is usually resistant to change.
⑤
Perception is inaccurate — You view the world through a subjective lens
influenced by culture，values，and personal experiences. This tends to make you see
what you expect or want to see.
①感知具有选择性——因为有太多的刺激同时在争夺你感官的注意力，所以你
只关注选定的信息，而过滤掉其余的信息。
②感知是习得的——生活经历教会你以特定的方式看待世界。
③感知受文化影响——文化教会你理解大多数经历背后的意义。
④感知具有一致性——一旦你以特定的方式感知到某事物，这种解读通常很难
改变。
⑤感知具有不准确性——你通过受文化、价值观和个人经历影响的主观视角来
看待世界。这往往会让你看到自己期望或想看到的东西。
11、感知的三个步骤：selection，organization，and interpretation.
12、Beliefs
A belief is a concept or idea that an individual or group holds to be true. Beliefs
represent our subjective conviction in the truth of something—with or without proof.
信仰
信仰是个人或群体认为是真实的概念或观念。信仰代表着我们对某事物真实性的
主观确信——无论有无证据。
13、Values
What you consider desirable for yourself and for the society you live in is a product of
your values, which can be held both consciously and subconsciously. Although each
of us has a unique set of values there are also values that tend to permeate and
characterize a culture. These cultural values provide a set of guidelines that assist the
culture's members in deciding what is good or bad, desirable or undesirable, right or
wrong, and appropriate or in appropriate in almost every context of human activity.
Institutionalized cultural values define what is worth dying for, what is worth
protecting, what frightens people, which subjects are worthy of study, and which


===== PAGE 7 =====
topics deserve ridicule.
价值观
你认为对自己和所处社会而言是值得追求的东西，是你价值观的产物，这些价值
观可以是有意识持有的，也可以是潜意识中的。尽管我们每个人都有一套独特的
价值观，但也存在一些普遍存在且能体现一种文化特征的价值观。这些文化价值
观提供了一套准则，帮助该文化的成员在几乎人类活动的每个情境中判断什么是
好的或坏的、值得追求的或不值得追求的、正确的或错误的，以及合适的或不合
适的。制度化的文化价值观界定了什么值得为之牺牲、什么值得保护、什么会让
人恐惧、哪些学科值得研究，以及哪些话题值得嘲笑。
14、Behaviors
Behaviors are the outward manifestations of our internalized beliefs and values.
Culture tells us the accepted deportment for different social contexts and what is age
appropriate, and specifies gender-specific conduct.
行为
行为是我们内化的信念和价值观的外在表现。
文化告诉我们在不同社会情境中可接受的行为举止，以及什么是适合不同年龄段
的行为，并明确了特定性别的行为规范。
15、Cultural Patterns
Cultural patterns, sometimes called value orientations, is an umbrella term used to
collectively describe those cultural values that characterize the dominant group within
a culture. As used here, the term refers to culturally based beliefs, values, attitudes,
and behaviors shared by members of a particular culture. These patterns encompass
the conditions that contribute to a social group's perception of the world and how they
live in that world.
文化模式
文化模式，有时也被称为价值取向，是一个统称，用于概括那些体现一种文化中
占主导地位群体特征的文化价值观。在此处，该术语指的是特定文化成员所共有
的基于文化的信仰、价值观、态度和行为。这些模式涵盖了影响一个社会群体对
世界的认知以及他们在这个世界中生活方式的各种因素。
16、Kluckhohn and Strodtbeck’s Value Orientations
Human nature；Humans and nature；Sense of time；Activity；Social relationships.
克拉克洪和斯特罗德贝克的价值取向
人性；人类与自然；时间观念；活动；社会关系。
17、Hall’s High-context and Low-context Orientations
A high-context (HC) communication or message is one in which most of the
information is already in the person, while very little is in the coded, explicitly
transmitted part of the message. A low-context (LC) communication is just the
opposite; i.e., the mass of the information is vested in the explicit code.
霍尔的高语境和低语境取向
高语境（HC）沟通或信息是指大部分信息已经存在于个人之中，而信息中经过


===== PAGE 8 =====
编码、明确传达的部分所含信息极少。低语境（LC）沟通则恰恰相反，即大部
分信息蕴含在明确的编码之中。
18、Hofstede’s Value Dimensions
Individualism/Collectivism
Collectivistic cultures emphasize community ，collaboration ，shared interests ，
harmony，tradition，the public good，and maintaining face. Individualistic cultures
emphasize personal rights and responsibilities，privacy，voicing one’s own opinion，
freedom，innovation，and self-expression.
霍夫斯泰德的价值观维度
个人主义/集体主义
集体主义文化强调社群、协作、共同利益、和谐、传统、公共利益以及保全面子。
个人主义文化则强调个人权利与责任、隐私、表达个人意见、自由、创新和自我
表达。
19、Examining Social Identities(ascribe：赋予；avow：宣称。)
①Racial identity ②Gender identity ③Ethnic identity ④National identity
⑤Regional identity ⑥Organizational identity ⑦Personal identity
⑧Cyberidentity and Fantasy identity
审视社会身份
①种族身份②性别身份③族裔身份④国家身份
⑤地域身份⑥组织身份⑦个人身份
⑧网络身份与幻想身份
20、Phinney’s Three-Stage Identity Development
Unexamined ethnic identity→Ethnic identity search→Ethnic identity achievement
菲尼的三阶段身份发展理论
未审视的族群身份→族群身份探索→族群身份达成
21、Functions of Language
①Social interaction
②Social cohesion
③Expressions of identity
语言的功能
①社会互动
②社会凝聚力
③身份表达
22、Defining Nonverbal Communication (考选择和判断3’)
Nonverbal communication involves all those nonverbal stimuli in a communication
setting that are generated by both the source and his or her use of the environment and
that have potential message value for the source and/or receiver.
定义非言语交际
非言语交际涉及交际场景中由信息发出者及其对环境的利用所产生的所有非言


===== PAGE 9 =====
语刺激，这些刺激对信息发出者和/或接收者具有潜在的信息价值。
23、The Functions of Nonverbal Communication
①Conveying internal states
②Creating identity
③Regulating Interaction
④Substituting for words
非言语交际的功能
①传达内在状态
②塑造身份
③调节互动
④替代言语
24、Classifications of Nonverbal Communication
①Appearance：judgment of beauty；skin color；attire
②Body movement (kinesics：身势学)：posture；gestures ；facial expressions；eye
contact and gaze；touch；scents；paralanguage
③Space and distance (proxemics：人际距离学)：personal space；seating；furniture
arrangement
④Time
非言语沟通的分类
①外貌：对美的评判；肤色；着装
②身体动作：姿势；手势；面部表情；眼神接触与凝视（例子：美国、日本）
；触摸；气味；副语言
③空间与距离：个人空间；座位；家具布置
④时间
25、Paralanguage ：vocal qualities ；vocal characteristics (pitch: 音高) ；vocal
segregates
“I understand the fury in your words, but not the words” What we have just been
considering is often referred to as paralanguage which “includes all oral cues in the
stream of spoken utterances except the words themselves.”
副语言：发声质量；发声特点；发声隔离物
“我理解你话语中的愤怒，但不理解话语本身” 我们刚刚所探讨的内容通常被称
为副语言，它“包括口语表达中除词语本身之外的所有口头暗示”。
26、Monochronic (M-Time) and Polychromic (P-Time)
Monochronic (M-Time) and Polychromic (P-Time)，which represents two approaches
to perceiving and utilizing time.
M-Time. As the word “monochromic” implies, this concept views time as linear,
sequential, and segmented. More specifically, “A monochronic view of time believes
time is a scarce resource which must be rationed and controlled through the use of
schedules and appointments, and through aiming to do only one thing at any one
time.”


===== PAGE 10 =====
P-Time. “A polychronic view of time sees the maintenance of harmonious
relationships as the important agenda, so that use of time needs to be flexible in order
that we do right by the various people to whom we have obligations.” P-time
participants can interact with more than one person or do more than one thing at a
time.
单一时间观（M-Time）和多元时间观（P-Time）
单一时间观（M-Time）和多元时间观（P-Time）代表了两种感知和利用时间的
方式。
单一时间观（M-Time）。正如“单一”这个词所暗示的，这一概念将时间视为线
性、有序且分段的。更具体地说，“单一时间观认为时间是一种稀缺资源，必须
通过日程安排和预约来进行分配和控制，并且在任何时候都只做一件事。”
多元时间观（P-Time）。“多元时间观认为维护和谐的人际关系是重要的事项，
因此时间的使用需要灵活，以便我们能对我们负有义务的不同人做出正确的事。”
持多元时间观的人可以同时与不止一个人互动或同时做不止一件事。
27、The Process of Acculturation
U-curve Model of Cultural Adjustment
Honeymoon →Disillusionment/Culture Shock →Recovery →Adjustment/Effective
Functioning
文化适应过程
文化适应的U 型曲线模型
蜜月期→幻灭期/文化休克期→恢复期→适应期/有效运作期
