===== 跨文化_已高亮.docx | word/document.xml =====
DOC:L1: Chapter 1
DOC:L2: Culture: that complex whole which includes knowledge, belief, art, law, morals, custom, and any other capabilities and habits acquired by man as a member of society.
DOC:L3: (一个复杂的整体，包括知识、信仰、艺术、法律、道德、习俗以及人类作为社会成员所获得的任何其他能力和习惯。)
DOC:L4: Three layers or levels of culture: the body of cultural traditions, subculture, cultural universals.
DOC:L5: Features of culture: culture is learned behavior, usually acquired unconsciously, shared among its numbers, persistent and enduring, adaptive and changeable, relational, culture manifests itself both implicitly and explicitly.
DOC:L6: (文化是一种后天习得的行为，通常是无意识地习得的，是众多个体共同的、持久的、适应性的、多变的、关系性的，文化是隐而显的。)
DOC:L7: Element of culture: religion, history, values, social organizations, language.
DOC:L8: The definition of communication: human communication is a dynamic process in which people attempt to share their thoughts with other people through the use of symbols in particular settings.
DOC:L9: (人类交流是一个动态的过程，在这个过程中，人们试图通过在特定环境中使用符号来与他人分享他们的思想。)
DOC:L10: Features of communication: communication is dynamic, interactive, both verbal and non-verbal, can be either intentional or unintentional, rule-governed, depends on the use of symbols.
DOC:L11: (交际是动态的、互动的，既有言语的，也有非言语的，可以是有意的，也可以是无意的，规则支配，取决于符号的使用。)
DOC:L12: Chapter 2
DOC:L13: The definition of intercultural communication: intercultural communication involves interaction between people whose cultural perceptions and symbol systems differ enough to influence the communication event.
DOC:L14: (跨文化交际是指文化认知和符号系统差异足以影响交际活动的人与人之间的互动。)
DOC:L15: Factors for the development of intercultural communication: technological development, globalization of the economy, widespread population migration.
DOC:L16: Chapter 3
DOC:L17: The definition of identity: identity is an abstract, complex, and dynamic concept. a person’s conception of self within a particular social, geographical, cultural, and political context…identity gives the individual a sense of self and personhood.
DOC:L18: (同一性是一个抽象的、复杂的、动态的概念。一个人在特定的社会、地理、文化和政治背景下的自我概念……身份赋予个人自我和人格的感觉。)
DOC:L19: The definition of family: family is the basic unit of society and it is at the heart of its survival.
DOC:L20: (家庭是社会的基本单位，是社会生存的核心。)
DOC:L21: Forms of family: nuclear, extended.
DOC:L22: Functions of the family: reproductive function, economic function, socialization function, identity function.
DOC:L23: Chapter 4
DOC:L24: The definition of perception: perception is the process whereby people convert external events and experiences into meaningful internal understanding.
DOC:L25: (感知是人们将外部事件和经验转化为有意义的内部理解的过程。)
DOC:L26: The characteristics of perception: selective, learned, culturally determined, consistent, inaccurate.
DOC:L27: The definition of values: values guide the behavior of people in society and shape the social norms in a given cultural. In short , values underline the qualities and actions that people consider necessary and vital to sustain their culture.
DOC:L28: （价值观引导着人们在社会中的行为，塑造着特定文化背景下的社会规范。简言之，价值观强调人们认为维持其文化所必需和至关重要的品质和行为。）
DOC:L29: Cultural patterns: the expression cultural patterns, sometimes called value orientations, is used as an umbrella term to collectively talk about values, beliefs, and other orientations that characterize the dominant group within a culture.
DOC:L30: （文化模式的表达，有时被称为价值取向，被用来作为一个总括术语，共同谈论价值观、信仰和其他取向，这些都是文化中占主导地位的群体的特征。）
DOC:L31: Chapter 6
DOC:L32: The definition of language: language is a set of shared symbols or signs that a cooperative group of people has mutually agreed to use to help them create meaning.
DOC:L33: （语言是一组共同的符号或符号，一组合作的人相互同意使用这些符号或符号来帮助他们创造意义。）
DOC:L34: Functions of language: social interaction, social cohesion, expressions of identity.
DOC:L35: Characteristics of language: language is symbolic, rule governed, subjective, dynamic.
DOC:L36: Chapter 7
DOC:L37: The definition of nonverbal communication: nonverbal communication involves all those nonverbal stimuli in a communication setting that are generated by both the source and his or her use of the environment, and that have potential message value for the source and/or receiver.
DOC:L38: (非言语交际是指交际环境中的所有非言语刺激，这些非言语刺激是源语和他或她对环境的使用共同产生的，对源语和/或接受者具有潜在的信息价值。)
DOC:L39: Functions of nonverbal communication: expressing internal states, creating identity, regulating interaction, repeating the message, substituting for words.
DOC:L40: (表达内在状态，创造身份，调节互动，重复信息，代替文字。)
DOC:L41: Chapter 8
DOC:L42: The definition of intercultural competence: intercultural competence is the appropriate and effective behavior in a given context. It is the overall capability of an individual to manage key challenging features of intercultural communication: namely, cultural differences and unfamiliarity, inter-group posture, and the accompanying experience of stress.
DOC:L43: (跨文化交际能力是指在特定的语境中恰当而有效的行为。它是一个人管理跨文化交际的关键挑战性特征的总体能力：即文化差异和陌生度、群体间的姿态以及伴随的压力体验。)
DOC:L44: The definition of stereotyping: stereotyping is a complex form of categorization that mentally organizes your experiences and guides you behavior toward a particular group of people. A stereotype is a cognitive structure containing the perceiver’s knowledge, beliefs, and expectancies about some human social groups. Human beings have a psychological need to categorize and classify because the world we confront is too big, too complex and too transitory for us to know it in all its detail.
DOC:L45: (刻板印象是一种复杂的分类形式，它在心理上组织你的经历，引导你对特定人群的行为。刻板印象是一种认知结构，包含了认知者对某些人类社会群体的知识、信念和期望。人类有一种心理上的需要去分类和归类，因为我们面对的世界太大，太复杂，太短暂，我们无法了解它的所有细节。)
DOC:L46: The definition of prejudice: prejudices are deeply held negative feelings associated with a particular group. These sentiments often include anger, fear, aversion, and anxiety. In a communication setting, the negative feelings and attitudes held by those who are prejudiced are often displayed through facial expressions and peripheral nonverbal behaviors.
DOC:L47: (偏见是与特定群体相关的根深蒂固的负面情绪。这些情绪通常包括愤怒、恐惧、厌恶和焦虑。在交际环境中，偏见者的负面情绪和态度往往通过面部表情和周围的非言语行为表现出来。)
DOC:L48: Characteristics of prejudice: first they are directed at a social group and its members. Second, prejudices involve an evaluative dimension. Third, centrality refers “to the extent to which a belief is important to an individual’s attitude about others.”
DOC:L49: (首先，它们针对的是一个社会群体及其成员。第二，偏见涉及一个评价维度。第三，中心性是指“信仰对个人对他人的态度的重要程度”)
DOC:L50: The definition of racism: racism is the belief in the inherent superiority of particular race. It denies the basic equality of humankind and correlates ability with physical composition. Thus, it assumes that success or failure in any societal endeavor will depend upon genetic endowment rather than environment and access to opportunity.
DOC:L51: (种族主义是对特定种族固有优越性的信仰。它否定了人类的基本平等，并将能力与身体组成联系起来。因此，它假设任何社会努力的成败都取决于遗传禀赋，而不是环境和获得机会的机会。)
DOC:L52: The definition of power: power is the ability to control what happens, to cause things you want to happen, and to block things you don’t want to happen.
DOC:L53: (权力是控制发生的事情的能力，引起你想发生的事情，阻止你不想发生的事情)
DOC:L54: The definition of ethnocentrism: ethnocentrism is the notion that one’s own culture is superior to any other. It is the ideal that other cultures should be measured by the degree to which they live up to our cultural standards.
DOC:L55: (民族中心主义是指一个人的文化优于其他任何文化的观念。理想的做法是，其他文化应该以它们达到我们的文化标准的程度来衡量。)
DOC:L56: Levels of ethnocentrism: positive, negative, extremely negative.
DOC:L57: The definition of culture shock: culture shock is precipitated by the anxiety that results from losing all our familiar signs and symbols of social intercourse. These signs or cues include the thousand and one ways in which we orient ourselves to the situation of daily life: how to give orders, how to make purchases, when and where not to respond.
DOC:L58: (文化冲击是由失去所有我们熟悉的社交符号和符号而产生的焦虑所引发的。这些迹象或线索包括我们适应日常生活的千丝万缕的方式：如何下订单，如何购买，何时何地不回应。)
DOC:L59: Reactions to culture shock: antagonistic toward new environment; sense of disorientation; feeling of rejection; upset stomach and headaches; homesickness; missing friends and family; believing in a loss of status and influence; withdrawal; perceiving members of host culture to be insensitive.
DOC:L60: (对抗新环境；迷失方向感；拒绝感；胃痛头痛；乡愁；失踪的朋友和家人；相信失去地位和影响；撤回；认为宿主文化的成员不敏感。)
DOC:L61: The stages of culture shock(the U-Curve): optimistic phase; cultural problems; recovery phase; adjustment phase.
DOC:L62: Coping with culture shock: make friends; learn about the host culture; be patient; participate in cultural activities.
DOC:L63: The definition of globalization: in every broad term, globalization is the worldwide integration of economic, technological, political, cultural, and social aspects between countries. Often the term is used when referring to economic globalization.
DOC:L64: (从广义上讲，全球化是国家间经济、技术、政治、文化和社会各方面的全球一体化。这个词通常用来指经济全球化。)
DOC:L65: 1. individualism VS collectivism
DOC:L66: I: Individuals are encouraged to make innovations and promote competitions.
DOC:L67: C: Individuals must be loyal to the collective, and members of collective must united.
DOC:L68: 2. Egalitarian (平等主义) VS hierarchical (等级森严的)(power distance)
DOC:L69: E: A low power distance ranking indicates the society de-emphasizes the differences between citizen`s power and wealth.
DOC:L70: H: People at the higher levels of the hierarchy are treated with great respect and deference by those lower down the ladder.
DOC:L71: Power distance: power distance refers to the extent to which a society accepts that power, in relationships, institutions and organizations are distributed unequally.
DOC:L72: 3. Monochronic (线性时间观) VS polychronic (非线性时间观)
DOC:L73: M: ____, a culture of monochronic pattern, people believe that time can be measured or divided and tasks can be done one by one.
DOC:L74: P: Relationship is weighed over punctuality and people emphasize more on completing human interaction than on sticking to schedules. To be not punctual is not only acceptable, butsomething normal and natural.
DOC:L75: 4. verbal VS nonverbal
DOC:L76: ①: Nonverbal communication as the “ hidden dimension ” of culture.
DOC:L77: ②: Understanding nonverbal signals in intercultural communication.
DOC:L78: ③: Nonverbal behaviors play the crucial role of in intercultural communication.
DOC:L79: ④: Diverse nonverbal symbols are related to specific cultures.
DOC:L80: It can be seen that gestures can only receive the expected effect under the premise of the same interpretation from the sender and receiver, otherwise it will cause misunderstanding.
DOC:L81: 5. Low VS High context communication (高低语境交流)
DOC:L82: L: low-context communication or message is one in which little information is ready in the person, while most is in the coded, inexplicitly(含糊不清地) transmitted part of the information.
DOC:L83: H: A high-context communication or message is one in which most of the information is ready in the person, while very little is in the coded, explicitly(明白的) transmitted part of the information.
DOC:L84: 6. Low VS High face concerns (高低面子问题)
DOC:L85: L: people are more individualistic and more concerned about their own face rather than that of others. When confronted with people from high-context cultures, the will often feel uncomfortable with the vagueness and ambiguity of the message, and become puzzled, frustrated, impatient or even irritated.
DOC:L86: H: people are extremely polite, trying to avoid threatening the “face” of their conversational partner
DOC:L87: Case Study 1    Age and Status
DOC:L88: 两位同事的矛盾使一家数据处理公司的总经理遇到了麻烦。一方是一位踌躇满志的法裔加拿大小伙子，另一方是一位有特许签证的年长的中国女性，而此前两人确实很好的合作伙伴…..
DOC:L89: Case description:
DOC:L90: A manager in a data-processing company was having difficulty dealing with a conflict between a young, ambitious French Canadian male and his co-worker, an older Chinese woman who was on a special visa from China. She had recently become uncooperative and had made it clear to the manager that she would not be willing to travel to the capital with her co-worker to hold discussion with legislators about a new product with great enthusiasm.
DOC:L91: When the manager asked her what the problem was, he received no clear explanation. When he asked her co-worker, the young man had no insights to offer. The young French Canadian was clearly annoyed, however, that the Chinese woman was refusing to share her data with him. That meant he couldn’t make the presentation to the legislators because she had all the key data on her computer disks.
DOC:L92: The manager repeated questions to her but her “problem” got nowhere. So he changed his approach. He began explaining his concerns, as manger and as spokesperson for the company, about the upcoming meeting with legislators. His explanation about his position was unemotional. In that climate she then felt she could explain her position. She revealed she felt that that as an older, and to her mind, more senior person, she should not be sent to the capitol with a younger employee who would do the presentation of material she had worked hard to develop. That would diminish her status, she felt. The general manger knew the root of his headache.
DOC:L93: Questions:
DOC:L94: 1．What do you think caused the conflict?
DOC:L95: 2.  What would you do to resolve the conflict if you were the general manager?
DOC:L96: 矛盾冲突
DOC:L97: 这位年长的中国女士投入极大的热情和精力开发产品．却在最后的关键时刻拒绝与年轻的同事一同去向议员做推介：当经理和同事问其原因．她并未做任何明确的回答：而当经理改变策略，不再直接询问原因，而是迂回地讲起自己的困境时，她才道出自己的顾虑。 在这位资深年长的中国女士看来，同一位比她年轻的同事一同去国会，并且由对方来做推介会影响到她的地位和威信，因此她无法同意：
DOC:L98: 原因分析
DOC:L99: 造成这一矛盾的文化因素有两方面．对地位、年龄的不同态度以及这种不同的表达方式。人对权力的认识因文化背景的不同而不同。根据霍夫斯特的调查研究，“低权力距离”国家的人强调个人的能力和信用，人与人之间权利和关系的平等，而．”高权力距离”国家，如中国、日本、纬国，强调地位、经验、年龄、资历等，人与人之间存在级别差距；因此在这位年轻的加拿大人看来，在工作上他与这位女士是平等的合作伙伴，并没有地位的差别，自己也有能力参与项目并做最后报告。而在这位中国女士看来，以自己的年龄、资历、以及工作中的付出，与一个年轻人一同去国会，并且由对方来做报告对她来说是一件丢面子的事：
DOC:L100: 另外．双方表达方式的不同也导致了矛盾的加深。根据霍尔的理论，加拿大是“低语境”国家，中国属于“高语境”文化国家，因此，当她的加拿大同事没有充分考虑到她所处的位置．而是直接问她原因时，这位中国女士采用了婉转回进的策略，没有直接说出自己的想法。而当经理改变方法迂回地说到自己的难处时，在这种语境下她才说出自己的顾虑。
DOC:L101: Low power distance "country on individual ability and credit, the relationship between rights and equality, and." high power distance "countries, such as China, Japan, weft kingdom, emphasizing the status, experience, age, qualifications, existing gap between people level 。So in the young Canadian opinion, in the work he and the woman are equal partners, and the difference in no position, also has the ability to participate in project and do the last report. And in the Chinese women seem to, in their own age, qualifications, and work in pay, and a young man together to congress, and by each other to do the report for her is a lose face:
DOC:L102: Outside. Both sides expressing way different led to the deepening of contradictions. According to the theory of hall, Canada is "low context" countries; China belongs to "high context" culture countries,
DOC:L103: 文化沟通
DOC:L104: 当与不同文化背景、年龄、地位的人进行跨文化交流合作时，我们应当充分了解对方价值观中对这些个人因素的看法，决策前应采用合适的方式进行有效的协商，以便避免和化解因文化背景、价值观不同引起的矛盾。
DOC:L105: We should fully understand each other's views on these personal factors in their values, and adopt appropriate methods for effective negotiation before making decisions, so as to avoid and resolve the contradictions caused by different cultural backgrounds and values
DOC:L106: 本案例中的经理在理解她的难处之后，可以在全公司内正式的公布这位女士的工作成果，给予高度的认可．同时在议会的报告中也应体现出其工作的重要意义，使之得，得到应有的重视。
DOC:L107: This case of manager in understanding her difficulty after can in all the company released within the formal the lady's work, to give high recognition. At the same time in the parliamentary report should reflect its importance, make, and get the attention it deserves.
DOC:L108: Case Study 2  Praising Japanese in Public Workplaces （在工作场所当众表扬日本人）
DOC:L109: 琼斯先生（美国经理） 当众表扬苏琦木拓（日本员工）工作做得很棒，本以为苏琦木拓会高兴的接受，却不料…..
DOC:L110: Case description:
DOC:L111: American: Mr. Sugimoto, I have noticed that you are doing an excellent job on the assembly line. I hope that the other workers notice how it should be done.
DOC:L112: Japanese: (He is uneasy). Praise is not necessary. I am only doing my job. (He hopes other Japanese workers do not hear.)
DOC:L113: American: You are the finesse, most excellent, dedicated worker we have ever had at the Jones Corporation.
DOC:L114: Japanese: (He blushed and nods his head several times, and keeps working.)
DOC:L115: American: Well, are you going to say “thank you,” Mr. Sugimoto, or just remain silent?
DOC:L116: Japanese: Excuse me, Mr. Jones … May I take leave for five minutes?
DOC:L117: American: Sure. (He is annoyed and watched Sugimoto exit). I can’t believe how rude some Japanese workers are. They seem to be disturbed by praise and don’t answer you … just silent.
DOC:L118: Questions:
DOC:L119: Why was the conversation between Mr. Jones and Mr. Sugimoto not so pleasant?
DOC:L120: Why did they have such different reactions towards praising in public workplaces?
DOC:L121: If you were Mr. Sugimoto, would you accept praise from Mr. Jones in public workplaces?
DOC:L122: If were Mr. Jones, how would you deal with the situation more appropriately?
DOC:L123: 分析
DOC:L124: 矛盾冲突
DOC:L125: 从对话中可以看出，琼斯先生认为在其他工人面前表扬苏奇木拓先生是对他工作的肯定．也是对他个人的认可，苏奇木拓先生应该高兴地接受，不必遮遮掩掩不好意思，更不应该一句话不说就走了。但琼斯先生只是从美国强调个人的概念出发，却不熟悉日本人是如何看待个人和集体的关系，不知道如何向日本同事表示欣赏和赞扬．结果适得其反。琼斯先生和苏奇木拓交流失败的原因主要在于都对双方的文化了解不深，特别是双方对个人与集体关系的看法不同。
DOC:L126: They didn't know much about the culture of both sides, especially their opinions on personal and collective relationship were different
DOC:L127: 原因分析
DOC:L128: 在霍夫斯特的“个体取向与集体取向”53 个国家和地区的列表中美国排在第一位．而日本排在22 位，这意味着美国是非常强调个人主义的国家，而日本更注重的是集体。在美国鼓励个人创断，提倡竟争．个人会因业绩优异而受到上司表扬，这是一种典型的美国式做法。特别是如果在同事面前受到表扬，个人会觉得很自豪，因为成绩得到了上级的认可，同时也在同事中间表现了自己，实现了 自我价值。在美国，受到表扬的人往往会说“谢谢”’以作回答。
DOC:L129: The United States is very stressed individualism country, and Japan are more focused on their collective. In the United States encourages individual creative, advocating competition. Individual will and excellent performance by boss for praise, this is a kind of typical American practices. Especially if in front of my colleagues have been praised, people will feel very proud, because the results obtained superior approbate, and also in among colleagues showed, realize the ego value. In the United States, who praised will often say "thank you" to answer ".
DOC:L130: 所以案例中的琼斯先生认为苏奇木拓先生也应该以这样的方式接受表扬。出乎他意抖的是，那位受到表扬的日本工人对他的表扬感到不安，没把表扬当回事：美国经理接着用更肯定的语气维续表扬他，如用英语中的最高级形容词“最优秀的”、“最杰出”、‘最勤奋”等等。使他更吃惊的是：他的这番赞扬之词使那位日本工人更1 危脸，脸一下红了起来，只是理头干活．不再言语，仅仅点了两下头。对于这样的回答或拒绝表扬．美国经理实在是无法理解，也无法忍受这种沉默不语，于是直截了当地向他发问道：“你打算说声谢谢呢，还是要选择继续保待沉默呢？”责备他表现“没礼貌”。
DOC:L131: The manager was unable to understand, also can't stand for the silent, then to straight out he hair asked: "are you going to say? Thank you, or to choose to continue the stay silent?" Blame him to show "rude".
DOC:L132: 他所不知的是，日本是典型的集体主义国度，在日本个人要忠实于集体，集体内部的成员要团结一致不倾向于突出个人业绩．而是强调集体协作。所以当苏奇木拓先生在同事面前受到表扬时，非常地局促不安．只是低头干自己的事情，甚至要求要离开五分钟，没有正面给琼斯先生任何答复．因为他觉得这样把他和所属的集体分离开了．使他在同事面前失去了面子。另一方面．美国经理由于对日本文化特点的无知，公开表扬不仅把那位日本工人弄得无言以答，而且会失去在其他日本工人对他的尊敬。
DOC:L133: Japan is typical of collective socialist country, in Japanese individual should be faithful to the collective, the members of the collective to internal unity don't tend to outstanding individual performance. But emphasize the collective cooperation. So when SuJiMu Mr Extension in front of my colleagues when praised very ill at ease. Just do their own things down, even want to leave five minutes, no positive for Mr Jones any reply. Because he felt that he and the subordinate to the collective isolates. To his in front of my colleagues lost face. On the other hand. The manager because of Japanese culture characteristics of ignorance, public praise not only the Japanese workers make could answer, and will lose in the other Japanese workers to his respect.
DOC:L134: 从对话中也可以看出苏奇木拓先生不接受当众表扬，却只是保持沉默，甚至要走开，没有把他的不满当众表达出来。这样的行为使得琼斯先生认为日本员工不礼貌。这一交际失致和日美两国交流方式不同有很大关系。根据霍尔（Hail ）的“高语境”和”低语境”理论，日本是典型的高语境国家，交流方式含蓄委婉，不会轻易在众人面前表达不满，会更多的依赖于非言语交流．
DOC:L135: "High context" and "low context" theory, Japan is typical high context countries, communication implicative tactful, not easily in the presence of all express discontent, will be more dependent on non-verbal communication.
DOC:L136: 如苏奇木拓先生不作回答保持沉庆，只是干自己的工作，以此表示对当众表扬的不满。而美国属于”低语境”国家，习惯直接的语言交流方式.
DOC:L137: And the United States belongs to "low context" countries, used to direct language communication
DOC:L138: 当苏奇木拓先生显得不安时，球斯先生却说“你打算说谢谢呢，还是要选择沉默？”。当苏奇木拓先生要求离开时，琼斯先生就认为没有任何回答就离开是不礼貌的。
DOC:L139: 文化沟通
DOC:L140: 双方应该对彼此的文化有所了解，应该清楚两种文化对个人的不同看法和不同的交流方式．不要总是从自己的出发点看问题。琼斯先生应该知道最好不要当众表扬某个日本人，而是应该私下单独表扬，或者会开表扬某个集体或团队；要清楚日本人的交流方式比较委婉间接，为了集体的和谐他们通常不会在公开场合表示不满。而苏奇木拓先生也应该了解美国时个人的重视，公开表扬个人是对他能力的认可；美国人更喜欢直接的语言交流，有什么想法要说出来，而不是要保持沉默或是回避
DOC:L141: Both sides should understand the culture for each other, should be clear that two kinds of culture on personal different views and different way of communication. Don't always look at problems from their starting point. Mr Jones should know better not praise in public a Japanese, but should praise alone, or will open praise a collective or team; Want to be clear about the Japanese way of communication more tactful indirectly, to the harmony of collective they usually don't publicly expressed dissatisfaction. And SuJiMu Mr Should know the extension of the individual attention when, public praise for his personal ability is the approval; Americans prefer direct language exchange, have what idea to say, but not to remain silent or avoid
DOC:L142: Case 3  A British General Manager in Thailand 英国总经理在泰国
DOC:L143: 一位英国总经理来到泰国上任，到任之初，没想到使用什么样的车上班这个小问题给他带来了不小的烦恼…….
DOC:L144: Case description:
DOC:L145: A British general manager upon arrival in Thailand refused to take his predecessor’s car. The Thai finance manager asked the new GM what type of Mercedes he would like, then, The GM asked for a Suzuki or a Mini, anything that could be handled easily in the congested traffic in Bangkok.
DOC:L146: Three weeks later the GM called the finance manger and asked about prospects for the delivery of his car. The Thai lost his reserve for a moment and exclaimed: “we can get you a new Mercedes by tomorrow, but Suzuki take much, much longer.” The GM asked him to see what he could do to speed up the process. After four weeks the GM asked to see the purchase order for the car. The purchasing department replied that, because it would take so long to get a small car, they had decided to order a Mercedes.
DOC:L147: The GM’s patience had run out. At the first management meeting he brought the issue up and asked for an explanation. Somewhat shyly, the predominantly Thai management team explained that they could hardly come to work on bicycle.
DOC:L148: Questions:
DOC:L149: Why did the GM have difficulties in getting a Suzuki or Mini?
DOC:L150: Why did the management team say they could hardly come to work on bicycle?
DOC:L151: 原因分析
DOC:L152: 泰国是等级观念很强的国家．泰国传统文化价值观的核心，如家长制、权威索拜，等级观念等是人们日常行为所公认的准则，甚至是一种“生活方式”人们认为社会等级制度时人有好处．所以不会向社会等级制度挑战。泰国的社会生活强调等级观念，依赖于等级关系。而在公司等社会机构中，强调正式的组织结构，各个等级保持一定的稳定性。
DOC:L153: Thailand is hierarchy strong country. Thailand traditional cultural values of the core, such as the patriarchal system, and the authority and worship, level is the concept of the people daily behavior of accepted standards, or even a "lifestyle" people think social hierarchy system people have good. So will not give in to the social hierarchy challenge. Thailand's emphasis on social life hierarchy, rely on hierarchy relationship. And in the company and other social organizations, emphasizes formal organization structure, each level maintain certain stability.
DOC:L154: 因此，在本案例中，最后泰国职员的解释是，如果总经理的用车降低水准，公司所有职员的用车要整体降级，The general manager of the lower level fruit transport, the company all staff transport to the whole downgraded,最终有些职员必须要骑自行车上班，而这是他们不愿也无法做到的。在英国文化的价位观中，权力之间的距离很小．具体工作之外，人们之间是平等的，公司中的领导者用车是为了工作，为了提高的业绩，因此英国经理看来．交通工具的选用是为了提高工作效率．每个人都有选择的自由，自己选用什么样的车与公司其他人无关。In British culture on the price, the distance between the power is small. The specific work outside, between people is equal, the leader is in order to transport the work, in order to improve the performance, so Britain the manager looked. Traffic tools in order to improve the work efficiency is choose. Everyone has the freedom of choice, oneself choose what kind of car company has nothing to do with others.
DOC:L155: 文化沟通
DOC:L156: 本案例中，如果英国经理坚持一意孤行，很容易引起泰国员工的集体反感，会有被架空的危险。在跨国组织中，遇到这种情况应从实际环境，即地理环境及当地文化习俗，占主导成员的文化背境出发，考虑大多数人的习惯和意见，做出不影响团队成员工作积极性和工作业绩的决策
DOC:L157: case 4
DOC:L158: 怎样理解微笑？
DOC:L159: 微笑是友好的表示，理应得到友好的回应。但是，向别人道歉时微笑是否显得适当？不同国家的人有不同的理解。处理不当，很可能带来意想不到的结果……
DOC:L160: Case description:
DOC:L161: Peter is the general manager of an American company in China. Recently, Jun Chen, one of the Chinese managers made a mistake at work that caused some difficulties that required a lot of effort to fix. Jun Chen was very upset about what had happened, and came to Peter’s office to make a formal apology. Jun Chen went into Peter’s office after being told to, smiling before he spoke. “Peter, I’ve been feeling very upset about the trouble I’ve caused for the company. I’m here to apologize for my mistake. I’m terribly sorry about it and I want you to know that it will never happen again.” Jun Chen said, looking at Peter with the smile he had been wearing since he walked into the office. Peter found it hard to accept the apology. He looked at Jun Chen, and asked, “are you sure?”
DOC:L162: “Yes, I’m very sorry and I promise this won’t happen again,” Jun Chen said, with a smile even broader than before.
DOC:L163: “I’m sorry I just can’t take your apology. You don’t look sorry at all!” Peter said angrily.
DOC:L164: Jun Chen’s face turned very red. He did not in the least expect Peter to take it negatively. He was desperate to make himself understood. “Peter,” he managed to smile again, “trust me, no one can feel any more sorry than I do about it.”
DOC:L165: Peter was almost furious by now, “If you’re that sorry, how can you still smile?”
DOC:L166: Questions for discussion”
DOC:L167: Why did Jun Chen wear a smile when he made the apology?
DOC:L168: Do you think it is reasonable that Peter became so angry with Jun Chen? Why?
DOC:L169: What are the different interpretations for a smile by the two in this situation?
DOC:L170: 矛盾冲突
DOC:L171: 本案例所体现的矛盾非常明显，是由于胶体语言使用的文化差异而导致的误解。不同文化对于微笑的理解是不同的。尤其是在道歉这种特殊的语境下。陈军向彼得道谦时，尽力微笑着说话以显示礼貌和诚意，而对于彼得来说，这种情况下微笑是不尊重的表砚，也是缺乏诚意的表现。This case that embodies the very obvious contradiction, is because the colloid use of language cultural differences and lead to misunderstandings. Different culture for smile of understanding is different. Especially in the context of this special and apologize. Howell way to Peter Williams, trying to smile to speak to show courtesy and sincerity, and for Peter speaking, this situation is not respect watch smile yanping, also is the lack of sincerity of the performance.
DOC:L172: 原因分析
DOC:L173: 当陈军表达完自己的歉意时，脸上的笑容使彼得怀提他是否真心感到抱歉，以至于看着他追问了一句：”你确定吗？”。此时陈军并未意识到他们之间的交流已经由于自己错误使用胶体语言而产生了问题，笑容更加明显地答到自己确实感到很抱歉并保证不会再犯同样的错误。彼得非常气愤的表示不能接受他的道歇，这是令陈军万万没有想到的．彼得的反应也让他颇为不解，只能急忙为自己辩解．但仍不忘保持脸上的微笑，可想而知．陈军的行为非但不能消除误解．取得彼得的访解，反而进一步火上浇油，激怒了彼得。
DOC:L174: 在跨文化交流中，对肢体语言使用和理解的差异往往会导致许多问翅。肢体语言包括手势，身势．服饰．音调高低，微笑，沉默，副语言，对时间的不同观念及空间的使用等。笑容一般传达的是愉悦和友好的感情，可以表示欢迎、原谅、赞同、没有敌意等等。在此案例中，对于中国人陈军来说，微笑不仅仅只是快乐和友好的表示，也传递道歉与谅解的信息。同时由于中国人习惯用面部来遮掩感情，陈军也有借微笑掩饰自己的不安和歉疚的习惯。而对于美国人，这种做法并不能被接受。微笑削弱了道歉的诚意．美国人强调真实直接的表达情感，内心感情与外在表砚的统一。所以他们认为当一个人内心感到愧疚而致歉时，是不可能面带笑容的．否则只能说明道歉的真诚性值得怀疑。In cross-cultural communication, of body language use and understand the differences often led to many asked wings. Body language including gestures, body movements. Dress. Tone height, smiling, silent, vice language, about the time of conception and the use of space, etc. General communicate is cheerful smile and friendly affection, can say welcome, forgive, agree with, no hostile, and so on. In this case, to the Chinese for howell, smile not just happy and friendly, and said the information transfer apologize and understanding. At the same time because the Chinese used to face to cover feelings, howell also have borrow smile hide his agitation and the habit of guilt. For an American, this kind of practice and cannot be accepted. Smile weaken the apology of sincerity. American emphasis on real direct express feelings, emotions and external table inkstone unity. So they think that when a person feel guilty when excuse, is impossible to smiling. Otherwise can explain the sincere apology sexual suspect.
DOC:L175: There's an old Chinese saying "stretched out his hand and not dozen smiling face,
DOC:L176: 文化沟通
DOC:L177: 要避免跨文化交际中产生由胶体语言使用不当而造成交流上的障碍和误解，解决本案例中出现的类似问题，必须提前了解对方国家的文化，了解同样的肢体语言在对方国家中是否有着同样的意义．尤其是对方文化中涉及礼节礼仪的方面有何禁忌和特别之处。切不能想当然的套用自己文化中肢体语言的含义，否则就可能出现本案例中得尴尬情况。
DOC:L178: Case 5 Why Was His Answer Not Related to the Question?
DOC:L179: 为何他答非所问？
DOC:L180: 飞利浦照明公司的一位美国经理和一位颇具发展潜力的中国员工谈话，但这位中国员工总是答非所问，美国经理甚是疑惑……
DOC:L181: Case description:
DOC:L182: An American manager of human resource in Philips lightening company talked with a Chinese employee with great potential. The American manager wanted to know the development design and the position the employee wants to get in the company. But the Chinese employee did not answer the question directly; instead he only talked about the company’s future direction, promotion system and his current position. He talked for a long time, but did not give a definite and direct answer. The manager was puzzled and annoyed, because the same situation has occurred several times, Later, the manager complained to another human resource manager, Mr. Jia, “I only wanted to know the employee’s working plan in the next 5 years and the position he wants to get in the company, but why I cannot get a clear answer?” .The Chinese employee also complained to Mr. Jia., “Why are Americans so aggressive?” As the human resource manager in a multinational company, Mr. Jia knows that a different manner in communication brings about misunderstandings. So he did best to explain to the two sides, but it is not easy to reduce the obstacle between them.
DOC:L183: Question for discussion:
DOC:L184: Why did the Chinese employee not give a clear and definite answer?
DOC:L185: What stereotype did the Chinese employee from towards American?
DOC:L186: How can Mr. Jia effectively solve the awkward situation?
DOC:L187: 矛盾冲突
DOC:L188: 这是一个体现东西方人际交流方式差异的案例。在这个案例中，文化冲突体现在：来自美国的人力资源经理看好一个中国雇员，因此和该雇员谈话，想知道他对自己的职业发展规划以及期望得到什么职位。而令他不解和恼怒的是，该雇员避而不谈该回答的问题却大谈公司的未来发展、晋升和他目前的职位。结果是两人都在背后互相抱怨，美国人认为中国雇员太虚伪，而中国雇员也认为美国人太直接、坦率、咄咄通人。Americans believe that Chinese employees too hypocritical, and Chinese employees also think Americans too direct, frankly, our very aggressive.
DOC:L189: 原因分析
DOC:L190: 该案例中的一方是美国人，而那位员工是中国人。产生这样糟糕结果的一个主要原因是中美两国在人际交流方式上，具体来说是在回答问题的方式上，存在巨大差异，而当事双方却并没意识到这一点。这种文化差异体现在中国文化注重维护群体和谐的人际交流环境，而美国丈化则注重创造一个强调坚持个性的人际交流环境。
DOC:L191: 如果这位中国员工从正面直接回答了人力资源经理的问题。比如．中国员工回答：”… … 想在五年之内做到营销部经理的职位。”按照中国人的传统心理，这样的回答违反了中国人一向谦应、委婉的心理习惯，太直接反而暴露出自己很有野心并高傲自大的缺陷，而谦虚可以给自己留有后路，万一做不到那个理想的位子，也不至于丢面子．被人笑话。尽于这位中国员工可能心里对未来有着宏伟的蓝图．但是他所处的文化背景主张克制情绪和情感。因此他在回答美国上司的问题时，没有直接说出自己的想法．而是谈了很多与公司未来发展有关的事，在他看来自己的做法是完全符合社会规范的，是谦虚的表砚，并且认为将自己的未来与公司的未来紧密相连有利于保持组织的和谐。这在中国人看来是再正常不过的了，直截了当地说出自己的薪水目标或是职位目标反而会被认为是具有野心的表砚。此外，中国人评价一个人，往往是清他究竟做了什么，而不是看他说了什么。The case of the party is American, and the staff is Chinese. Have this bad results of one of the main reasons is that China and the United States on the way in interpersonal communications, specifically is the way to answer questions, there are large differences, and both parties but didn't realize this. These cultural differences reflected in Chinese culture pays attention to maintenance group harmonious interpersonal communication environment, and the United States the cultural focuses on creating a it puts emphasis on the individual character of interpersonal communication environment.
DOC:L192: If the Chinese employees directly from the front of the human resources manager answered the question. For example. Chinese employees answer: "...... think in five years do the Marketing Department manager position." According to Chinese traditional psychological, such answer violation of the Chinese people have always modest, the psychological habits should be euphemism, too direct exposed himself instead was very ambitious and arrogance of the defect, and modest can give his left posterior, one thousand can't do the ideal seat, will not lose face. Be laughed at. Try to the Chinese employees may be the in the mind to the future has a grand blueprint. But he is part of the culture background advocates restraint moods and emotions. So he answered in the boss's problem, not directly speak his mind. But talked a lot about the company's future development and, in his view it is fully comply with the social norms, is modest table ink stones, and that will be their future and the future of the company is closely connected to keep organizational harmony. This in the Chinese people is normal but again, straight from the shoulder to say his salary objects or position goal but will is considered to be a ambitions watch ink stones. In addition, the Chinese evaluation a person, often is the clear what was he doing, exactly, and not at what he said.不论他把自己的理想、抱负描绘得何等宏伟；也不论他把自己的能力，素质说得如何天花乱坠．如果最后他做不到，这一切都只能成为别人的笑柄；美国人一向很直接明了，这也是他们一贯的思维方式。Americans have always very direct and clear, this is their usual way of thinking.从美籍经理询问这位员工时于自己未来五年发展的打算，即想要在飞利浦做到什么样的职位可以看出， 美国人注重个人在企业的发展状况。通过个人才华的施展和势力来取得企业的辉辉煌和达到理想目标。这也许与美国一贯提倡的个人主义有着莫大关系。他们重独立、多坦率，等级和身份观念淡薄，认为追求个人的利益是天经地义、无可厚非的，他们对中国式的重礼仪、身份和多委婉，却视为假装和缺乏真诚。美国文化提倡大胆直接表露自己想法。Americans pay attention to individual in the development of the enterprise. Through the individual talent and to get their power of the enterprise is splendid and to achieve the ideal target Fraser. This may and American advocates for the individualism has great relationship. They heavy independent, outspoken, level and identity concept light, argued that the pursuit of the interest of the individual is perfectly justified, understandable, their Chinese heavy to etiquette, identity and more tactful, but as pretend and lack of sincerity. The American culture advocate direct to reveal his bold ideas.在该案例中，美国的人力资源经理认为直截了当地说出自己的期望和要求并无不妥．反而是真诚和自信的表现，有利于中国员工实现人生的成功。相反，中国人习惯委婉的表达方式，直接说出自己的要求会显得不礼貌和磨突，他对于美国人的直白也很是不满。
DOC:L193: 文化沟通
DOC:L194: 由于谈话的不愉快使得美国经理和中国雇员都对彼此颇有微词，虽然美国经理的本意是想通过谈话了解这位中国雇员对于自己事业发展的规划，今后适时可能提拔他。值得一提的是，案例中的另一名人力资源主管贾先生已意识到两人相互误解的原因，并试图向两人解释，但是收效甚微，问题的关键是在于这两位当事人。但是如果有一个了解双方文化的中间人适当做出解释．应当是可以化解甚至是化解文化冲突的。The key to the problem is the two parties. But if there is a culture of appropriate to the middlemen to explain. Shall be eased even resolve cultural conflict.
DOC:L195: 既然身处于一个国际化的大公司里，必然会面对有若不同文化背景的员工，如果想当然地认为所有人都与自己有若相同的价值观念和社会准则，那肯定是大错特错。因此首先必须培养文化教感性，意识到文化的差异性．这对于美国人和中国人都同样重要：
DOC:L196: 只有了解了不同文化的基本状况，人们才能在与有着不同文化背景的人交往时保持宽容，而不是一概否定、批评。本案例中的中美双方当事人由于对对方的文化缺乏必要了解，因此在发生冲突时就缺乏宽容和耐心。
DOC:L197: "You have to understand the basic situation of different cultures, people can have different cultural background and those whom they be tolerant, not deny, criticism. In this case the both parties because of the lack of necessary to know each other's culture, so in conflict is lack of tolerance and patience.
DOC:L198: The proper solution. First, the enterprise staff can accept the local culture in host countries the baptism and related all kinds of intercultural communication training. Or the host country company directly for foreign staff wake a period of time training; Second, the enterprise should strive to build their own culture, calendar year, to make every staff fusion to enterprise culture inside. Because, usually the kind of culture has a strong inclusiveness and fusion power. From the cases can see, American vice President and Chinese employees in the enterprise's culture can't find consensus; Third, as vice President, should be forgiving attitude to deal with cultural conflict, slowly to and staff communication, rather than a "impatiently" or complain; Fourth, through the third party of the adjustment and the explanation, make clear the problem, unlock the vice President and Chinese employees of the doubts and contradiction between.
DOC:L199: 1-7单元重要概念
DOC:L200: Generalization
DOC:L201: Generalizations are based on limited data and are then applied to a larger population. In intercultural communication, this means ascribing characteristics to a larger  group of people based on attributes displayed by a smaller group.
DOC:L202: 归纳是基于有限的数据，然后应用于更大的人群。在跨文化交际中，这意味着根据一个较小群体所表现出的属性，将特征赋予更大的群体。
DOC:L203: Communication,
DOC:L204: Human communication is a dynamic process in which people attempt to share their thoughts with other people through the use of symbols in particular settings.
DOC:L205: 人类交流是一个动态的过程，在这个过程中，人们试图通过在特定环境中使用符号与其他人分享他们的想法。
DOC:L206: 8个步骤：
DOC:L207: 2-1. source—a people who has an idea, felling, experience, etc. that they wish to share with another people.
DOC:L208: 2-2. encoding is an activity. It occurs when the source creates a message through the selection of verbal or nonverbal symbols.
DOC:L209: 2-3. message—is a set of written, pictorial, verbal, and/or nonverbal symbols that represent a source’s particular state of being at a specific moment.
DOC:L210: 2-4. message must have a means of moving from person to person.
DOC:L211: 2-5. receiver is the person who takes the message into account and thereby is directly linked to the source.
DOC:L212: 2-6. decode is the akin to the source’s act of encoding. ( converting of external stimuli to the meaningful interpretations)
DOC:L213: 2-7. responds-persons makes your actions.
DOC:L214: 2-8. feedback-the perception of the response to your message.
DOC:L215: 2-9. noise-every communication event is characterized by a multiplicity of competing stimuli.
DOC:L216: 2-1.来源-有想法、感觉、经验等并希望与他人分享的人。
DOC:L217: 2-2. 编码是一种活动。它发生在源头通过选择语言或非语言符号来创造一个信息。
DOC:L218: 2-3. 信息是一组书面的、图像的、语言的和/或非语言的符号，代表了信息源在某一特定时刻的特殊存在状态。
DOC:L219: 2-4.信息必须有从人到人的移动方式。
DOC:L220: 2-5. 接收者是考虑到信息的人，从而与信息源直接联系。
DOC:L221: 2-6. 解码是类似于源头的编码行为。(将外部刺激转换为有意义的解释）。
DOC:L222: 2-7. 响应--人们做出你的行动。
DOC:L223: 2-8. 反馈--对你信息的反应的感知。
DOC:L224: 2-9. 噪声--每一个交流事件的特点是有多种竞争性的刺激。
DOC:L225: Symbol
DOC:L226: A symbol is an expression that stands for or represents something else
DOC:L227: 符号是代表或代表其他事物的一种表达方式
DOC:L228: Culture,
DOC:L229: Culture is a set of human-made objective and subjective elements that in the past have increased the probability of survival and resulted in satisfaction for the participants in an ecological niche, and thus became shared among those who could communicate with each other because they had a common language and they lived in the same time and place
DOC:L230: 文化是一套人为的客观和主观因素，在过去，这些因素增加了生存的概率，使生态位的参与者感到满意，因此成为那些可以相互交流的人的共同点，因为他们有共同的语言，他们生活在同一个时间和地点。
DOC:L231: World-view,
DOC:L232: World view is the way a people interpret reality and events including their images of themselves and how they relate to the world around them. (worldview is an “inside view of the way things are colored shaped, and arranged according to personal cultural preconceptions.”)
DOC:L233: 世界观是一个人解释现实和事件的方式，包括他们对自己的形象以及他们与周围世界的关系。(世界观是一种 "对事物着色方式的内部看法，并根据个人的文化成见进行安排。")
DOC:L234: Intercultural communication competence,
DOC:L235: intercultural communication competence is the behavior that is appropriate and effective in a given context and the overall internal capability of an individual to manage key challenging features of intercultural communication: namely, cultural differences and unfamiliarity, inter-group posture, and the accompanying experience of stress.
DOC:L236: 6-1. Motivation, as it relates to intercultural competence, means that as a communicator, you want to be part of a successful intercultural encounter.
DOC:L237: 6-2. Knowledge works in tandem with motivation in that is asks you to be motivated enough to gather a fund of knowledge on other cultures.
DOC:L238: 6-3. Skills are the specific behaviors you engage in to make the communication encounter a successful one.
DOC:L239: 跨文化交际能力是指在特定背景下适当和有效的行为，以及个人管理跨文化交际的主要挑战特征的整体内部能力：即文化差异和不熟悉，群体间的姿态，以及伴随的压力体验。
DOC:L240: 6-1. 动机，因为它与跨文化能力有关，意味着作为一个交际者，你希望成为成功的跨文化接触的一部分。
DOC:L241: 6-2. 知识与动机是相辅相成的，它要求你有足够的动机来收集关于其他文化的知识。
DOC:L242: 6-3. 技能是指你为使交际活动成功而采取的具体行为。
DOC:L243: Deep culture,
DOC:L244: Social organization
DOC:L245: These social systems establish communication networks and regulate norms of personal, familial, and social conduct. They also establish group cohesion and enable people to consistently satisfy their basic needs. 这些社会系统建立了沟通网络，规范了个人、家庭和社会行为的规范。它们还能建立群体凝聚力，使人们不断满足自己的基本需求。
DOC:L246: 9. Family,
DOC:L247: A family is any sexually expressive or parent-child or other kin relationship in which people usually related by ancestry, marriage, or adoption-( 1) form an economic unit and care for any young, (2) consider their identity to be significantly attached to the group, and (3) commit to maintaining that group over time
DOC:L248: 家庭是任何性表达或亲子或其他亲属关系，在这种关系中，人们通常通过祖先、婚姻或收养关系--（1）形成一个经济单位并照顾任何年轻人，（2）认为他们的身份在很大程度上依附于群体，以及（3）致力于长期维持该群体。
DOC:L249: 10. Perception,
DOC:L250: Perception is how we make sense of the world, how we construct reality.
DOC:L251: 感知是我们理解世界的方式，我们如何构建现实。
DOC:L252: 11. Belief,
DOC:L253: A belief is a conception or idea that an individual or group holds to be true.
DOC:L254: 信念是指个人或团体认为是真实的概念或想法。
DOC:L255: 12. Values,
DOC:L256: Cultural values provide a set of guidelines in deciding what is good or bad, desirable or undesirable, right or wrong, and appropriate or inappropriate in almost every context of human activity.
DOC:L257: 文化价值观为决定什么是好的或坏的，可取的或不可取的，正确的或错误的，以及在人类活动的几乎每一种情况下适当的或不适当的提供了一套准则。
DOC:L258: 13. Behaviors
DOC:L259: Behaviors are the outward manifestations of people’s internalized beliefs and values.
DOC:L260: 行为是人们内在信念和价值观的外在表现。
DOC:L261: 14. Cultural patterns
DOC:L262: Cultural patterns (value orientations) is an  umbrella term used to collectively describe those cultural values that characterize the dominant group within a culture.
DOC:L263: 文化模式（价值取向）是一个总括性的术语，用来共同描述那些在一种文化中占主导地位的群体的文化价值观。
DOC:L264: 15. High-context & low-context culture,
DOC:L265: Whether a culture is High-context or low-context, depends on how much meaning is derived from the contextual environment rather than the actual words exchanged during communicative interactions.
DOC:L266: 15-1. Context: the information that surrounds an event.
DOC:L267: 一种文化是高语境还是低语境，取决于有多少意义来自于语境环境，而不是交际互动中实际交流的话语。
DOC:L268: 15-1. 语境：围绕一个事件的信息。
DOC:L269: 15-2. A high-context (HC) communication or message is one in which most of the information is already in the person, while very little is in the coded, explicitly transmitted part of the message. 高语境（HC）通信或消息是指大部分信息已经在人身上，而在消息的编码、显式传输部分几乎没有。
DOC:L270: 15-3. A low-context (LC) communication is just the opposite; i.e., the mass of the information is vested in the explicit code. 低语境（LC）沟通正好相反；i、 例如，大量信息属于明确的代码。
DOC:L271: 16. Collectivism & Individualism
DOC:L272: Collectivistic cultures emphasize community, collaboration, shared interests, harmony, tradition, the public good, and maintaining face.
DOC:L273: Individualistic cultures emphasize personal rights and responsibilities, privacy, voicing one's own opinion, freedom, innovation, and self-expression.
DOC:L274: 集体主义文化强调社区、协作、共同利益、和谐、传统、公共利益和维护面子。
DOC:L275: 个人主义文化强调个人权利和责任、隐私、发表自己的意见、自由、创新和自我表达。
DOC:L276: 17. Uncertainty avoidance,
DOC:L277: The core of uncertainty avoidance: the future is unknown.
DOC:L278: Uncertainty avoidance: the extent to which the members of a culture feel threatened ambiguous or unknown situations.
DOC:L279: Cultures vary in their ability to tolerate ambiguity and unpredictability.
DOC:L280: 不确定性规避的核心：未来是未知的。
DOC:L281: 不确定性规避：一种文化的成员在多大程度上感到受威胁的模糊或未知情况。
DOC:L282: 文化在容忍模糊性和不可预测性的能力上有所不同。
DOC:L283: 18. Power distance (Egailitarian & Hierarchical),
DOC:L284: Power distance: the extent in which the less powerful members of institutions and  powerful organizations within a country expect and accept  that power is distributed unequally.
DOC:L285: 权力距离：一个国家内机构和强大组织中权力较小的成员期望并接受权力分配不均的程度。
DOC:L286: 19. Face & Facework,
DOC:L287: Face: the self-image a person projects to other people.
DOC:L288: (public identity - how you are perceived by others)
DOC:L289: Facework: a set of coordinated practices in which communicators build, maintain, protect, or threaten personal dignity, honor and respect.
DOC:L290: - acquire or maintain one's own face
DOC:L291: - give face to someone else
DOC:L292: 面子：一个人投射给其他人的自我形象。
DOC:L293: (公众身份--别人对你的看法)
DOC:L294: 面子工程：一套协调的做法，传播者在其中建立、维持、保护或威胁个人尊严、荣誉和尊重。
DOC:L295: - 获得或维护自己的面子
DOC:L296: - 给别人面子
DOC:L297: 20. (Cultural) Identity
DOC:L298: Identities are best thought of as stable features of persons that exist prior to any particular situation and as dynamic and situated accomplishments, enacted through talk, changing from one occasion to the next.
DOC:L299: 身份最好被认为是在任何特定情况之前就存在的人的稳定特征，并且是动态的和定位的成就，通过谈话来制定，从一个场合到另一个场合发生变化。
DOC:L300: 21. Language P197
DOC:L301: 定义：Language may be thought of as an organized system of symbols, both verbal and nonverbal, used in a common and uniform way by persons who are able to manipulate these symbols to express their thoughts and feelings.
DOC:L302: 语言可以被认为是一个有组织的符号系统，包括语言和非语言，由能够操纵这些符号的人以共同和统一的方式使用，以表达他们的思想和感受。
DOC:L303: 特点：
DOC:L304: (1) Words are only symbols
DOC:L305: Words are substitutes for “the real thing
DOC:L306: We live in two different worlds: the one made up of words (symbols) and the one composed of what the words are attempting to represent.
DOC:L307: (2) Words are arbitrary
DOC:L308: It is also common to find significant differences within a major language group. More prominent differences can be found.
DOC:L309: (3) Words evoke denotative or connotative meanings
DOC:L310: Meanings are also affected by the denotative or connotative meanings.
DOC:L311: denotative meaning is somewhat impartial and neutral and seldom contains expressive overtones
DOC:L312: connotative meaning is the private, emotional meaning that the word evokes.
DOC:L313: (1) 词语只是符号
DOC:L314: 词语是 "真实事物 "的替代物
DOC:L315: 我们生活在两个不同的世界：一个是由文字（符号）组成的世界，一个是由文字试图代表的东西组成的世界。
DOC:L316: (2) 词语是任意的
DOC:L317: 在一个主要的语言群体中发现显著的差异也是很常见的。可以发现更突出的差异。
DOC:L318: (3) 词语唤起指称性或内涵性意义
DOC:L319: 意思也受到指称意义或内涵意义的影响。
DOC:L320: 表示性意义在某种程度上是公正和中立的，很少含有表达性的色彩
DOC:L321: 内涵意义是指该词所唤起的私人的、情感的意义。
DOC:L322: 作用：
DOC:L323: (1) Social Interaction:
DOC:L324: Language allows you to speak, read, write, listen to others, and even talk to yourself—or to think. Language allows you verbally to convey your internal emotions and relieve stress by simply uttering a phrase or a swear. Language is also employed to invoke assistance from the supernatural.
DOC:L325: (2) Social Cohesion:
DOC:L326: A common language allows individuals to form social groups and engage in cooperative efforts. A shared vocabulary enables a group to preserve a record of past events, albeit often with a selective interpretation. Language allows a group of people to maintain a record of the cultural values and expectations that bind them. The maintenance of social relations also relies on language for more than communicating messages.
DOC:L327: (3) Expressions of Identity:
DOC:L328: Language is the major mechanism through which much of individual and group or cultural identity is constructed. Identities do not exist until they are enacted through language. Identity is constituted in discourse. Not only does language present information about identity, but the linguistic expression of identity unites people by reinforcing group identification.
DOC:L329: Language usage, and its relationship to identity, can also categorize people into groups according to factors such as age and gender. Language has also been used to categorize people into varying social and economic levels.
DOC:L330: (1) 社会互动。
DOC:L331: 语言使你能够说、读、写、听别人说话，甚至自言自语，或者思考。语言使你能够通过简单地说出一句话或一句脏话来传达你的内部情绪和缓解压力。语言也被用来唤起超自然的援助。
DOC:L332: (2) 社会凝聚力。
DOC:L333: 共同的语言使个人能够形成社会团体，并参与合作努力。共同的词汇使一个群体能够保存对过去事件的记录，尽管往往有选择性的解释。语言使一群人能够保持对约束他们的文化价值和期望的记录。社会关系的维持也依赖于语言，而不仅仅是交流信息。
DOC:L334: (3) 身份的表达。
DOC:L335: 语言是构建个人和群体或文化身份的主要机制。身份在通过语言表现出来之前是不存在的。身份是在话语中构成的。语言不仅呈现了关于身份的信息，而且身份的语言表达通过加强群体认同而将人们团结起来。
DOC:L336: 语言的使用及其与身份的关系，也可以根据年龄和性别等因素将人们分为不同的群体。语言也被用来将人们划分为不同的社会和经济层次。
DOC:L337: 22. Non-verbal communication P229
DOC:L338: 定义
DOC:L339: Nonverbal communication involves all those nonverbal stimuli in a communication setting that are generated by both the source and use of the environment and that have potential message value for the source and/or receiver.
DOC:L340: intentional and unintentional messages
DOC:L341: the reciprocal relationship between verbal and nonverbal messages
DOC:L342: 非语言沟通涉及沟通环境中所有那些由来源和使用环境产生的、对来源和/或接收者有潜在信息价值的非语言刺激。
DOC:L343: 故意和非故意的信息
DOC:L344: 言语和非言语信息之间的相互关系
DOC:L345: 功能
DOC:L346: (1) Convey internal states: express attitudes, feelings, values, and emotions.
DOC:L347: (2) Create identity: utilize nonverbal symbols to tell yourself and others who you are
DOC:L348: (3) Regulate interaction: Nonverbal actions offer clues regarding how people navigate conversation.
DOC:L349: (4) Substitute for words: be used as substitutes for words; an action is replacing a verbal utterance, and that action becomes the language.
DOC:L350: (1) 传达内部状态：表达态度、感觉、价值观和情绪。
DOC:L351: (2) 创造身份：利用非语言符号来告诉自己和他人你是谁。
DOC:L352: (3) 调节互动。非语言行为提供有关人们如何驾驭对话的线索。
DOC:L353: (4) 代替言语：被用作言语的替代品；一个动作代替了一个言语，该动作成为语言。
DOC:L354: 分类
DOC:L355: (1) Messages of the body身体的信息
DOC:L356: (2) Appearance外观
DOC:L357: (3) Body movement
DOC:L358: (4) Space and Distance
DOC:L359: (5) Time
DOC:L360: (6) Silence
DOC:L361: 23. Proxemics 人际距离学 P255
DOC:L362: 定义
DOC:L363: Hall defines proxemics as the interrelated observations and theories of man’s use of space as a specialized elaboration of culture.
DOC:L364: Expanding on Hall’s analysis, today proxemics is concerned with such things as (1) personal space, (2) seating, and (3) furniture arrangement.
DOC:L365: 霍尔将近义词定义为对人类使用空间的相互关联的观察和理论，作为文化的专门阐述。
DOC:L366: 在霍尔分析的基础上扩展，今天的近义词学关注的是诸如（1）个人空间，（2）座位，和（3）家具布置。
DOC:L367: 24. M-time/P-time P262
DOC:L368: M-time定义
DOC:L369: A monochronic view of time believes time is a scarce resource which must be rationed and controlled through the use of schedules and appointments, and through aiming to do only one thing at any one time.
DOC:L370: Time is tangible; a person would value punctuality, product over process, and the judicious use of time.
DOC:L371: 单声道的时间观认为，时间是一种稀缺资源，必须通过使用时间表和约会，以及通过在任何一个时间只做一件事来进行配给和控制。
DOC:L372: 时间是有形的；一个人重视守时，产品高于过程，以及明智地使用时间。
DOC:L373: P-time定义
DOC:L374: A polychronic view of time sees the maintenance of harmonious relationships as the important agenda, so that use of time needs to be flexible in order that we do right by the various people to whom we have obligations.
DOC:L375: These cultures are normally collective and deal with life holistically.
DOC:L376: Time is less tangible; it easier to employ “multitasking”.
DOC:L377: 多周期的时间观认为维护和谐的关系是重要的议程，所以时间的使用需要灵活，以便我们对我们有义务的各种人做正确的事。
DOC:L378: 这些文化通常是集体性的，从整体上处理生活问题。
DOC:L379: 时间不那么有形；更容易采用 "多任务"。
DOC:L380: 25. Silence P263
DOC:L381: 功能
DOC:L382: Silence can provide an interval in an ongoing interaction
DOC:L383: Silence also provides feedback
DOC:L384: 沉默可以为正在进行的互动提供一个间隔。
DOC:L385: 沉默也能提供反馈
DOC:L386: 东/西方对待silence的不同
DOC:L387: In most Western cultures, talk is highly valued, and as such, it is often difficult to determine the meaning behind someone’s silence.
DOC:L388: In the Eastern tradition, the view of silence is much different from the Western view. Buddhists feel comfortable with the absence of noise or talk and actually believe that words can contaminate an experience.
DOC:L389: 在大多数西方文化中，谈话被高度重视，因此，往往很难确定某人的沉默背后的意义。
DOC:L390: 在东方传统中，对沉默的看法与西方的看法大不相同。佛教徒对没有噪音或谈话感到很舒服，实际上他们认为语言会污染一种经验。
DOC:L391: 跨文化国际交流 2
DOC:L392: 一、概念定义（10 题，20 分，题号 1-10） 选词填空，10 个备选短语
DOC:L393: 二、知识点单选题（15 题，30 分，题号 11-25）
DOC:L394: 三、案例简答、分析题（2 大题，50 分，题号 26-29） 案例一：26-28 题 简答
DOC:L395: 题 案例二：29 题 案例分析题
DOC:L396: 1、...are based on limited data and are then applied to a larger population. In intercultural communication, this means ascribing characteristics to a larger group of people based on attributes displayed by a smaller group. 基于有限的数据，然后应用于更大的总体。在跨文化交流中，这意味着基于较小群体所显示的属性，将特征归因给较大的群体。
DOC:L397: our ability to share our ideas and feelings – is the basis of all human contact.“Communication is powerful:it brings companions to our side or scatters our rivals, reassures or alerts children, and forges consensus or battle lines between us.”沟通——我们分享我们的想法和感受的能力——是所有人类接触的基础。“沟通是强大的：它会把同伴带到我们的身边，或分散我们的对手，安抚或提醒孩子们，并在我们之间建立共识或战线。”
DOC:L398: 3、in human Communication, a ... is an expression that stands for or represents something else. 在人类的交流中，符号是一种替代或代表其他事物的表
DOC:L399: 达。
DOC:L400: 4、The term ..., of course, has had multiple meanings in different disciplines and different contexts.We are concerned with more enduring aspects of culture and with a definition that reveals how culture and communication are linked.
DOC:L401: 当然，“文化”一词在不同的学科和不同的语境中有多种含义。我们关注的是文化更持久的方面，以及揭示文化和沟通如何联系的定义。
DOC:L402: 5、The way a people interpret reality and events, including their images of themselves and how they relate to the world around them.一个人解释现实和事件的方式，包括他们对自己的形象，以及他们如何与周围的世界建立联系。
DOC:L403: 6、The basic components of intercultural communication competence
DOC:L404: ▶ being motivated
DOC:L405: ▶ having a fund of knowledge to draw on
DOC:L406: ▶ possessing certain communication skills
DOC:L407: 跨文化沟通能力的基本组成部分：被激励，有一个知识基金可以利用，具有一定
DOC:L408: 的沟通技巧
DOC:L409: 7、the conscious and unconscious assumptions about how the world works, that unifies a culture, makes each culture unique, and explains the “how” and “why” of a culture's collective action——action that is often difficult for “outsiders”
DOC:L410: to understand. 深层文化：关于世界如何运作的有意识和无意识的假设，统一一种文化，使每个文化独特，并解释了一个文化的集体行动的“如何”和“为什么”，这往往是“局外人”难以理解的。
DOC:L411: 8、These organizations(sometimes referred to as social systems or social structures) represent the various social units within the culture.These are institutions such as family, government, school, tribes, and clans.Social Organizations, also known as social institutions, form the core of Deep Structure。社会组织：这些组织（有时被称为社会系统或社会结构）代表了文化中的各种社会单位。这些机构包括家庭、政府、学校、部落和氏族。社会组织，又称社会机构，构成了深层结构的核
DOC:L412: 9、the ... is the basic unit of society and it is the heart of its survives。A family is any sexually expressive or parent-child or other kin relationship in which people，usually related by ancestry, marriage, or adoption , form an economic unit and care for any young;consider their identity to be significantly attached to the group;commit to maintaining that group over time.
DOC:L413: A nuclear family: a parent or parents and a child or children as one unit
DOC:L414: An extended family: typically includes grandparents and relatives
DOC:L415: 家庭：家庭是社会的基本单位，也是社会生存的核心。家庭是指任何性表现或亲子或其他亲属关系，人们通常通过祖先、婚姻或收养，组成一个经济单位和照顾任何年轻人；认为他们的身份明显隶属于这个群体；随着时间的推移致力于维持这个群体。
DOC:L416: 核心家庭：父母或父母和子女作为一个单位
DOC:L417: 一个大家庭：通常包括祖父母和亲戚
DOC:L418: ... is how you make sense of your physical and social word, how you construct reality.Perception is the process whereby people convert external events and experiences into meaningful internal understanding.
DOC:L419: 知觉是你如何理解你的身体和社会词汇，你如何构建现实。感知是人们将外部事件和经验转化为有意义的内在理解的过程。
DOC:L420: ...is a concept or idea that an individual or group holds to be true.... represent one's subjective conviction in the truth of something——with or without proof.
DOC:L421: 信念是一个个人或群体认为是真实的概念或想法。信念代表一个人的主观信念的真理——有或没有证据
DOC:L422: One's cultural ...——like all important aspects of culture——are acquired through a variety of sources (family, history, proverbs, media, school, church, state, etc.) and, therefore, tend to be broad-based, enduring, and relatively stable. A culture's value system establishes the expected, normative modes of behavior for members of that culture and institutes the criteria to judge people's conduct.
DOC:L423: 一个人的文化价值观——就像文化的所有重要方面一样，——都是通过各种来源（家庭、历史、谚语、媒体、学校、教会、国家等）获得的。因此，它往往是基础广泛、持久和相对稳定的。一种文化的价值体系为该文化的成员建立了预期的、规范的行为模式，并制定了判断人们行为的标准。
DOC:L424: ... are the outward manifestations of people's internalized beliefs and values. Your behaviors are a reflection of your values, which are based on your beliefs。
DOC:L425: 行为是人们内在化的信念和价值观的外在表现。你的行为是你价值观的反映，这些价值观是基于你的信念
DOC:L426: ...sometimes called value orientations, is an umbrella term used to collectively describe those cultural values that characterize the dominant group within a culture. The term refers to culturally based beliefs, values, attitudes, and behaviors shared by members of a particular culture. These patterns encompass the conditions that contribute to a social group's perception of the world and how they live in that world.
DOC:L427: 文化模式，有时被称为价值取向，是一个总括术语，用来集体描述一个文化中主导群体的文化价值观。这个术语指的是一个特定文化的成员所共有的基于文化的信仰、价值观、态度和行为。这些模式包括社会群体对世界的感知以及他们在这个世界中生活的条件。
DOC:L428: High-context & low-context culture：A high-context (HC) communication or message is one in which most of the information is already in the person, while very little is in the coded, explicitly transmitted part of the message.
DOC:L429: 高语境通信或消息是指大部分信息已经在人体内，而很少是在信息的编码、明确传递的部分。
DOC:L430: A low-context (LC) communication is just the opposite; i.e., the mass of the information is vested in the explicit code.
DOC:L431: 低语境通信则恰恰相反；也就是说，信息的质量被赋予了显式代码。
DOC:L432: 16、Collectivistic & Individualistic culture（集体主义和个人主义文化）：
DOC:L433: Collectivistic cultures emphasize community, collaboration, shared interests, harmony, tradition, the public good, and maintaining face.
DOC:L434: Individualistic cultures emphasize personal rights and responsibilities, privacy, voicing one's own opinion, freedom, innovation, and self-expression.
DOC:L435: 集体主义文化强调社区、协作、共同利益、和谐、传统、公共利益和维护面子。
DOC:L436: 个人主义文化强调个人的权利和责任、隐私、表达自己的观点、自由、创新和自我表达
DOC:L437: 17、Uncertainty avoidance（不确定规避）：The core of uncertainty avoidance is that the future is unknown. As used in Hofstede's research, uncertainty avoidance can be defined as “the extent to which the members of a culture feel threatened by ambiguous or unknown situations.” Cultures vary in their ability to tolerate ambiguity and unpredictability.回避不确定性的核心是，未来是未知的。正如霍夫斯泰德的研究中所使用的，不确定性回避可以定义为“文化成员感到模棱两可或未知情况的威胁的程度。”文化对容忍模糊性和不可预测性的能力各不相同。
DOC:L438: 18、Power distance (Egailitarian & Hierarchical)：Power distance classifies cultures along a continuum of high and low power distance. Power distance is concerned with how societies manage the fact that people are unequal. The concept is
DOC:L439: defined as “the extent in which the less powerful members of institutions and organizations within a country expect and accept that power is distributed unequally.”
DOC:L440: 权力距离（平等主义和等级主义）：权力距离沿着高权力距离和低权力距离的连续统一体对文化进行分类。权力距离涉及到社会如何管理人民不平等这一事实。这一概念被定义为“一个国家内机构和组织中权力较弱的成员期望并接受权力不平等分配的程度。”
DOC:L441: 19、Face, Facework：The term “face” is commonly used as a metaphor to designate the self-image a person projects to other people. In other words, your “face” is your public identity, how you are perceived by others. And because face is how others see you, it is acquired, maintained, and lost through social interactions, primarily communication. This process is referred to as facework, which is defined as “a set of coordinated practices in which communicators build, maintain, protect, or threaten personal dignity, honor, and respect.” Facework consists of those actions you engage in to acquire or maintain face for yourself or give face to someone else.术语“脸”通常被用来比喻一个人投射给他人的自我形象。换句话说，你的“脸”是你的公众身份，是别人对你的看法。因为脸是别人看待你的方式，所以它是通过社交互动，主要是交流来获得，维持和失去的。这个过程被称为工作，它被定义为“一套协调的实践，传播者建立、维护、保护或威胁个人尊严、荣誉和尊重。”脸包括你为自己获得或维护脸或给别人脸而做的行动。
DOC:L442: 20、... is an abstract, complex, dynamic, and socially constructed concept. As a result, identity is not easily defined, and scholars have provided a rich variety of descriptions.Fong defines cultural identity as the identification of communications of a shared system of symbolic verbal and nonverbal behavior that are meaningful to group members who have a sense of belonging and who share traditions, heritage, language, and similar norms of appropriate behavior. Cultural identity is a social construction.
DOC:L443: （文化）身份：身份是一个抽象的、复杂的、动态的、社会建构的概念。因此，身份并不容易定义，学者们提供了各种各样的描述。Fong 将文化身份定义为对一个共享的象征性语言和非语言行为的交流系统的识别，这些系统对那些有归属感、共享传统、遗产、语言和类似的适当行为规范的群体成员有意义。文化认同是一种社会建构。
DOC:L444: 21、...may be thought of as an organized system of symbols, both verbal and nonverbal, used in a common and uniform way by persons who are able to manipulate these symbols to express their thoughts and feelings. ... a system of arbitrary vocal symbols only used for human communication.
DOC:L445: 语言可以被认为是一个有组织的符号系统，包括语言的和非语言的，被那些能够操纵这些符号来表达他们的思想和感受的人以一种共同和统一的方式使用。语言：一种只用于人类交流的任意声音符号的系统。
DOC:L446: 22、... involves all those nonverbal information in a communication setting that are generated by both the speakers and use of the environment and that have potential message value for the speakers and/or receivers. 非语言交流包括所有这些非语言信息，这些信息由说话者和对环境的使用共同产生，对说话者和/或接收者具有潜在的信息价值。
DOC:L447: 23、（百度）the study of spatial interrelationships in humans or in populations of animals of the same species 在人类或同一物种的动物种群中的空间相互关系的研究
DOC:L448: ... is the study of how people unconsciously structure the space around them.
DOC:L449: 研究人们如何无意识地构建他们周围的空间
DOC:L450: 24、P-time & M-time culture ： M-time,as the word “monochronic ” implies , this concept views time as linear,
DOC:L451: sequential , and segmented. A monochronic view of time believes time is a scarce resource which must be rationed and controlled through the use of schedules and appointments, and through aiming to do only one thing at any one time.
DOC:L452: P-time, A polychronic view of time sees the maintenance of harmonious relationships as the important agenda, so that use of time needs to be flexible in order that we do right by the various people to whom we have obligations.
DOC:L453: m-时间，正如“单慢性”一词所暗示的那样，这个概念认为时间是线性的、顺序的和分段的。对时间的单慢性观点认为，时间是一种稀缺的资源，必须通过使用时间表和预约，以及在任何时候只做一件事，对时间进行分配和控制。P-time，时间的观点认为维持和谐的关系是重要的议程，因此时间的使用需要灵活，以便我们有义务的不同的人做正确的事情。
DOC:L454: 25、... is considered as the initial mental and physical stress experienced, to varying degrees, when an individual enters a culture different from his or her own.On the other hand, if the culture shock is not severe, as is usually the case, people commence/start a process of acculturation learning to become functional and comfortable in their new cultural setting.
DOC:L455: 文化冲击被认为是当一个人进入一种与其自己不同的文化时，在不同程度上所经历的最初的精神和身体压力。  学习在新的文化环境中变得功能性和舒适。
DOC:L456: 26、is a continue process of “stress-adaptation-growth.”文化适应是一个“压力-适应-成长”的持续过程
DOC:L457: .. is the conviction that one’s own culture is superior to other cultures.
DOC:L458: 种族主义是指人们相信自己的文化优于其他文化。
DOC:L459: ... is a natural, often subconscious way of dealing with unknown situations. ... is a complex form of categorization that mentally organizes your experiences with and guides your behavior toward a particular group of people.
DOC:L460: 刻板印象是一种自然的、通常是潜意识的处理未知情况的方式。刻板印象是一种复杂的分类形式，它在心理上组织你的经历，并引导你的行为与特定群体的人。
DOC:L461: In the context of intercultural communication, ...are deeply held positive or negative feelings associated with a particular group. This sentiments often include anger,fear,aversion,and anxiety.
DOC:L462: 在跨文化交流的背景下，偏见是与特定群体相关的积极或消极的感觉。这种情绪通常包括愤怒、恐惧、厌恶和焦虑。
DOC:L463: 30、In many ways,... is but an extension of stereotyping and prejudice, as brought out in Leone’s classic definition: “Racism is the belief in the inherent superiority of a particular race. It denies the basic quality of humankind and correlates
DOC:L464: ability with physical composition. Thus, it assumes that success or failure in any societal endeavor will depend upon genetic endowment rather than environment and access to opportunity.”
DOC:L465: 在很多方面，种族主义只是刻板印象和偏见的延伸，正如在里昂的经典定义中所提出的那样：“种族主义是指相信一个特定种族固有的优越性。”它否定了人类的基本素质，并将其能力与身体构成联系起来。因此，它假设任何社会努力的成功或失败将取决于遗传禀赋，而不是环境和获得机会的机会。
DOC:L466: 34、German philosopher Max Weber considered power as the ability to exert your will even in the face of opposition.More broadly viewed,。。。is the ability to cause things to happen, to control what happens, and to prevent things you do not
DOC:L467: want to happen.
DOC:L468: 权力：德国哲学家马克斯·韦伯认为权力即使是在反对面前也能发挥意志的能力。更广泛地看，权力是指导致事情发生、控制发生的事情以及防止你不想发生的事情发生的能力。
DOC:L469: 35、。。。can be seen as a reflection of convictions that are rooted in culture. As a set of principles, 。。。also provide guidelines that influence your manner of communicating with other people. 。。。, therefore, helps you determine what you
DOC:L470: ought to do, how you ought to act, and how you should interact with people.道德规范可以被看作是一种植根于文化的信念的反映。作为一套原则，道德也提供了影响你与他人沟通方式的指导方针。因此，道德规范可以帮助你决定你应该做什么，你应该如何行动，以及你应该如何与人互动。
DOC:L471: 36、。。。 is predicated on the belief that ethical systems can vary among cultures, all systems are equally valid, and there is no single system that is better than the others. In other words, what is believed and valued in one culture may be different in another culture. From the relativist perspective, what is correct or incorrect, right or wrong, true or untrue, is determined within that culture. More specifically, this orientation holds that ethical principles are culturally bound, context dependent, and applicable only to their respective cultures.文化相对主义建立在这样一种信念之上，即伦理体系可以因文化而异，所有系统都是同样有效的，没有一个单一的系统比其他系统更好。换句话说，在一种文化中被相信和重视的东西在另一种文化中可能是不同的。从相对主义的角度来看，什么是正确的，对错的，真假的，是在那个文化中决定的。更具体地说，这种取向认为伦理原则是受文化约束的，依赖于环境，只适用于各自的文化。
DOC:L472: 37、。。。 takes a position diametrically opposed to that of relativism. Universalism maintains that regardless of the people, context, time, or place, there are immutable universal ethical precepts that apply to all cultures. This stance maintains that there is in fact a single set of values, standards, morals, and the like that weave their way in and out of every culture. In simpler terms, cultural universalism believes that what is right or wrong, true or false, is applicable to all people everywhere in every circumstance.简
DOC:L473: 普遍主义坚持认为，无论人、环境、时间或地点如何，都有不可改变的普遍伦理准则，适用于所有的文化。单地说，文化普遍主义认为，对与错，无论真假，都适用于世界各地的所有人
===== 跨文化_已高亮.docx | word/footer1.xml =====
DOC:L1: 1 / 9
===== 跨文化_已高亮.docx | word/header1.xml =====
===== 跨文化_已高亮.docx | word/header2.xml =====