===== Unit 2 Reading Passage 1.docx | DOCX =====
DOC:L1: The business of quantum computers
DOC:L2: By exploiting the counter-intuitive properties of quantum mechanics, they could perform some calculations (though only some) faster than any conceivable non-quantum machine. For one thing, they would probably be much more rapid than any classical computer at searching a database—an elemental operation with a thousand uses.
DOC:L3: They would be quicker at more specific tasks, too. Precisely simulating all but the simplest chemical reactions is mathematically intractable for any non-quantum computer, no matter how huge. A quantum computer could do this, aiding the development of drugs, catalysts and batteries.
DOC:L4: Quantum computers would also speed up the analysis of optimisation problems, which try to find the best way to juggle many variables in order to maximise a particular outcome. That would be a boon to the transport industry (by finding efficient routes) and to finance (by maximising profits given a set of constraints).
DOC:L5: Boston Consulting Group (BCG), a management consultancy, foresees quantum computers improving the operating income of their users by between $450bn and $850bn a year by 2050.Unfortunately, big, stable quantum computers do not yet exist. But small, ornery, unstable ones do.
DOC:L6: John Preskill, a quantum-computing researcher at the California Institute of Technology, dubs such machines NISQS—Noisy, Intermediate-Scale Quantum computers.
DOC:L7: Some see NISQS as mere stepping stones towards size and stability, and that is certainly the goal of those working on them. A growing number of companies and investors, however, are hopeful that NISQS themselves will be able to do useful work in the meantime.
DOC:L8: These firms are hunting for "quantum advantage"—a way in which even today's limited machines might have an impact on their bottom lines, or those of their customers. For most of the field's history, quantum-computing research has been backed by governments or big information-technology firms. Increasingly, though, the venture-capital (VC) industry is showing an interest.
DOC:L9: PitchBook, a research firm based in Seattle,has tracked $495m of vc money that has been invested in quantum computing so far this year—almost double last year's total. Dozens of startups are competing with the incumbent tech giants.
DOC:L10: And established companies, such as Daimler, a carmaker, and Goldman Sachs, a bank, are beginning to experiment with the nascent industry's products, hoping that, if they can master them, they will bestow an advantage over their competitors. Much of the money is going towards building hardware.
DOC:L11: Doug Finke, a physicist who runs the Quantum Computing Report, which focuses on the nascent industry, is aware of 87 organisations, big and small, trying to construct quantum computers. Unlike classical computing, which had settled by the 1970s on silicon transistors as the units of computation, there is, as yet, no consensus on the best way to build a quantum computer.
DOC:L12: IonQ, a firm in Maryland that has raised $84m,uses trapped ytterbium ions, manipulated by lasers, to perform its calculations. Rigetti Computing, a Californian company which announced earlier this month that it would be building a quantum computer for the British government, Rigetti Computing employs microwaves to control pairs of electrons flowing through superconducting circuits.
DOC:L13: Microsoft, although very much not a startup, is working on a "topological" quantum computer that relies on the interactions of super-cold electrons. One particularly well-financed new firm is Psi Quantum, which does its computing with photons that run along waveguides etched onto ordinary silicon chips.
DOC:L14: It hopes to leapfrog the NISQ era entirely and produce a fully fledged quantum computer within about five years—though that is far sooner than most experts think feasible. PsiQuantum was founded in 2015 by researchers from Imperial College and the University of Bristol, both in Britain.
DOC:L15: It has raised $215m from backers including Black-Rock, a giant investment firm, and the Founders Fund, an American vc company that was an early investor in Space X and Facebook.
DOC:L16: Microsoft (whose own topological machines are still at an early stage of development) offers access via Azure, its cloud-computing service, to machines from IonQ, Honeywell and a company called Quantum Circuits. Amazon hosts machines from Rigetti, IonQ and D-Wave, a Canadian company that builds specialised, fixed-purpose computers called quantum annealers.
DOC:L17: Rather than have hardware-makers come up with useful algorithms, the hope is that existing businesses, by being given access to the machines in this way, will invent such algorithms for themselves. With that in mind, says Krysta Svore, who leads Microsoft's quantum-computing research, one task is to make those machines as easy as possible to use.
DOC:L18: The firm has developed tools intended to help customers wrap their brains around the counter-intuitive properties of quantum computers. It has also developed software intended to smooth over differences between machines from different makers, so that programmers do not have to worry about whether they are marshalling ions or electrons.
DOC:L19: She compares this to the early days of classical computing, when the development of compilers and early programming languages freed human beings from the need to think in the ones and zeros of raw machine code.
DOC:L20: The big question is what all this is leading up to. Despite the excitement, the industry's commercial pioneers have their work cut out for them. There is plenty of promise, but, as yet, no certainty. Finding algorithms that are both commercially useful and simple enough to work within a NISQ machine's limitations is not easy.
DOC:L21: A report published last year by America's National Academy of Sciences reminded readers that no commercial applications are currently known to exist. The first step, then, is to go looking.
DOC:L22: The industry has been cheered by Google's demonstration last year of "quantumsupremacy", in which it used a NISQ machine to perform, with minutes of computing time, a calculation that would have taken thousands of years on classical hardware. Google's calculation was highly contrived and of little use in the real world. But it proved a point.
