===== 作文.docx | DOCX =====
DOC:L1: AI
DOC:L2: With the continuous improvement of the level of technology, the speed of the technological innovation is faster and faster. The birth and development of artifical intelligence technology (AI) has greatly changed people’s life and work.
DOC:L3: AI, a simulation of the way humans think and act, has become a hot topic nowadays. As a double-edged sowrd of our society, attitudes toward it varies in different people. Some people reckon it can benefit mankinds in many fields, while others worry that it will eventually get out of control.
DOC:L4: Indeed, AI could bring some benefits to humans. At first, AI will never feel tired, so it could always run in a high efficency and increase the production. Besides, instead of mankinds, AI enable to work in the high-risk environment, such as high temperature, high pressure and so on. Finally, as assistants of persons, smart robots like siri and xiaoai that could help us anytime and anywhere make our life more convient and colorful.
DOC:L5: On the contrary, AI also bring plenty of fearness to citizens. Intuitively, as cheaper labour, AI may cause the increase of unemployment and breakout the balance of our society. What’s more, the appearance of AI lead people become more and more lazy, while AI is become more and more stronger. Thus, new problems arise. Is it the time to completely replace humans when AI is born with the ability to think and act independently? Whether the progess of AI will lead to the destruction of human beings?
DOC:L6: In short, whether AI benefits humans or not depends on humans themselves. AI should be treated as an assistant rather than a competitor. We ought to make full use of artificial intelligence technology, and control it in a scientific way.
DOC:L7: COVID-19
DOC:L8: At the end of 2019, COVID-19 broke out in China, causing panic at home. Thanks to the tireless efforts of the Chinese government and people, we quickly suppressed the spread of the epidemic and gradually overcame the difficulties. The outbreak of epidemic has brought people’s attention to medical and health, which has often been ignored before.
DOC:L9: Medical and health is the general name of medical safety and public health, which is a vital requirement to promote people’s all-around development. In China, medcial and health care is related to the health of hundreds of millions of peplr and is major livelihood issue. During this epidemimc, our country’s medical and health played an essential role.
DOC:L10: At first, Frontline medical staff and engineers worked tirelessly to save one alive after another from death, which Built our first line of defense against the epidemic. Besides, while the media was able to teach the people the correct precautions in time, the people also strengthened their awareness of prevention and were able to control the spread of the epidemic. The last but not least, thanks to our country and government. They didn’t abondon any one person and did all of its power and material resource to overcome the difficulty. We have deeply felt the superiority of the communist system.
DOC:L11: In short, medical and health is a eternal topic related to everyone and every family in our society. It needs the power of people from all walks of life. The government needs to strengthen the legislation on medical and health, the society needs to strengthen the supervision, and the masses need to strengthen the awareness of public safety. Only when we are united can we achieve a better life.
DOC:L12: There is a series of suggetons to help you prevent COVD-19. First of all, wash your hands frequenty. CoronaVirus can spread by contacting, washing hands can limit the spread of the virus. Secondly, maintain a good respiratory hygiene habit. Through the air and droples to spread is an important way for CoronaVirus to transmit. Cover your nose and mouth with tsse or towel when coughing or sneezing. Wash your hands after coughing or sneezing and avoid touching your eyes, nose or mouth with your hands, certainly wearing a mask can effectively prevent air and droplets transmission. Thirdly, stay at home as much as possible and minimize activities in crowded places, avoid contact with people with respiratory infections. If you develop respiratory symptoms such as cough, runny nose, fever, etc, you should stay in isolation and rest at home. If the fever persists or the symptoms worsen, you should seek medical advice as soon as possible. Finally, keep a good atitude and trust that life will slowly return to what it used to be.
DOC:L13: This is a war without smoke, and everyone of us is a soldier I am certain that we will win this war against the virus.
DOC:L14: Gene editing strategy
DOC:L15: With the continuous improvement of the level of medical technology, the birth and development of gene editing has greatly changed people’s life and work.
DOC:L16: Gene editing, a new technology with the potential to treat disease that run in families, has become a hot topic nowadays. As a double-edged sowrd of our society, attitudes toward it varies in different people. Some people reckon it can benefit mankinds in many fields, while others worry that it will eventually get out of control.
DOC:L17: Indeed, gene editing could bring some benefits to humans. At first, gene editing plays an vital role in gene medicine, gene diagnosis, gene therapy and other technologies which will greatly change human life and the face of life could cure some disease. At the same time, the commercial value brought by genetic technology is immeasurable so that it could promote economic development to some extent.
DOC:L18: However, every rose has its thorns, gene editing also raises a series of safety and ethical issues. First of all, we have not yet confirmed whether genetically modified foods are harmful to people. What’s more, Once gene editing technology is exploited for profit by criminals, it will lead to the extinction of human nature and moral degradation that we are not able to undertake.
DOC:L19: In short, whether gene editing technology benefits humans or not depends on humans themselves. We ought to make full use of gene editing technology, and control it in a scientific way.
