===== PAGE 1 =====
守 了 才 ． 试 内 诚 要 纟 色 不 作 弊 研 究 生 2024 / 2025 学 年 第 二 子 《 跨 文 化 交 流 》 期 末 试 卷 （ 2 。 25 ． 5 ） 南 京 邮 电 大 孑 座 位 万 一 一 学 院 题 号 得 分 得 分 Part 1. True or False Questions （ 10 points) 1. Communication is not a pan ac ea for all intercultural difflculties. 2 ． ． 一 一 一 ． The message YO u send iS the mcssage receivcd. The elements that compose culture are worldview ， religion, history ， values, 3 ． social orgamzation ， and language• Even though you view th e world through a subjective lens, your perce ption IS 4 ． accuratc. 5 ． 一 一 一 Culture and communication are so separate that we cannot think that culture is communication or communication iS culture ． 6 ． ln conflict situations, collectivistic cultures focus on other-face and mutual face ， while individualistic cultures focus on self-face. 7 ， Cyberidentity and fantasy identity belong t0 our social identity ． & Nonverbal messages are always unintentional. 9 ， Nonverbal m es sages cannot work alO ne ， Culturcs differ in their perception and use Of personal space ， seating, and fumiture anangement. 得 分 Pa I I. MuItiple Choice （ 50 points) Directions: Choose the best answer from the four choices tO each question according t() what you have leamed in the course. Mark the corresponding letter on the ANSWER SHEET. 11. Only tW() generations Of the parents and their unmalTied children is the charac teris tic of A. the family oforientation C. the extended fam i ly B. the family of marriage D. th e nuclear family 1
===== PAGE 2 =====
are the ou tward manifcstations of our internahzed beliefs and values. ^ ． Behaviours erceptions B. languages thcmsclves. 0 Sccnt A. Para language B. Gcsturc D. Morphology 14 、 are rep 「 esented by the manY gt0UPs Y0u belong 怖 ， such as racial, ethnic, oecupational, age ， hometown an d numeroUS Others A. Personal idcntitics C. Human identitics ， Social idcntitics Cultural idcntities involves all those nonverbal stimuli in a communication setting that are gcncrated by both thc source an d his or hcr usc of thc cnv i ronmcnt and that have potential message value for thc source and receivcr. A. Vcrbal Comm un icati on B. Gesture C 、 NO nverbal Communication D. Facework 1 在 lntercultural ' coopcration faccs the following ecolo gical conccrns EXCEIYV 羞 A 、 raw materials C. aging population B. water shortage D. climate change 17 ． Which of the following statements is NOT true about the features of C ommunication? 、 communication IS a dynamic process- 13. Com m un ication is symbolic. C. Com m un ication has nothing tO do with contexts. 1 〗 Comm unication c annot be reversed. 1 & Which ofthe following statements is NOT true about the features Of Cu\ture2 A. Culturc is shared. B. Culture is based on symbols. C. Culture is transmitted from generation tO generation. D. CuIture is innate. 19 ． The three most influential SOC ial organizations are A. family ， state, religion C. school, state, religion B. family, school, state D. state ， religion, UN 20 ． Which ofthe following is NOT the function ofthe fam ily? A. reproductive function C. identity function function B. diseiplinary funetion D. language acquisition 21. Which ofthe following is N()T a characteristic of language'? A. Language is symbolic. B. Language is arbitrary. 0
===== PAGE 3 =====
C. Language is static and unehang ing• D. Language can evoke bOth denotat iVC 22 ． Which of the töllowing best describes 卪 1 and 鲈 identity? A. A cultural orientation that values flcxibilitY B. A cultural orientation that focuse s on C. A cultural orientation that promotes unwe D. A cultural orientation th at emphasizCS 9 privacY reftr t0 ' val ues ． 23 ． ln the context Of individualism ， what does the ter A 、 Thc righ t t0 be free from unwan ted atten tion or intrusiOn• B. The need for eonstant soc ial interaction. C. The importance Of sharing personal informatiOIl• 9 D. The p 「 eference for group decision-making. of an avowcd idcntity · ce due to their physical B. A person is recognized as a member Of a particular ra C. A person is considered part ofa soc ial c las.s based on thcir family's wea 1 th ． appearance. D. A person is identified by their nationality d ue to their placc ofbirth• 25 ， Which of the föllowing best describes the concept of denotative meanin g language? A. Fhe emotional or personal mean ing Of a word. B. The literal or agreed-upon meaning ofa word. C. 月 le historical origin Ofa word. D. The cultural significance Ofa word. 26 ． ln the context of c u ltural identity, what does the tenn identity achievement refer to? A. 月 忙 initial Stage Of identity development B. The s tage where individuals rej ect the ir cultural he ritage C. The s tage where individuals have a clear understanding 0f their cultural identity D. The stage wh ere individuals conform tO the dominant culture 27 ， Which ofthe föllowing is NOT a categ01Y Of identity discussed in the course? A. Hum an identity B. Social identity C. Cyberidentity D. Biological identity 2 & According @ K0hls ' list of American val ues ， which of the following is N ()T considered a dominant American cultural value? A. lmplicitncss and indirectness B. SeIf-Hclp C. Matcrialism/Acquisitivenes.s 3
===== PAGE 4 =====
communication? A. Rulcs for us.ing tcchnol(jgy in communication B. La ws tha t the usc of ] anguagc C. Guidelines for verbal communication communicat1011 compctcncc? A. Learn ing a second 1 anguage B. Being rnindtill ofeultural C. 丿 \VO id ing nonverbal communicatl()n D. Being awarc ofconven•sational taboos 31. We can deseri be identity as the following EXCEPT D. multiplc C. complex 13 ． static A. abstract 32 ． What does the tenn "tight cultures ” refer to in GeIfand ， s rescarch? A. Cult111 ℃ s with strong social nonns and little tO lerance for deviation B. Cu ltLII ℃ s with weak social norms and high tolerance for deviation C. Culturcs with high levels Of individualism D. C ultures with low lev els Of uncertainty avoidance 33 ． Which of the following is NOT an example Of the function of nonverbal communication ofconveying internal states? A. You shal ℃ YO ur deep secret with your friend. B. A mother s ings a lullaby tO her baby tO slecp in a gentle tone ． C. The ] overs frequently exchange intimate glances at each Other. D. You keep a distance Of one meter from someone you J ust get tO know 34 ． Wh ich of the following is NOT an example Of how your actions ， unintentionally, can send messages tO others? ^ ． Frowning when th e sun is in your eye S may make someone mistakenly bel i eve th at you ℃ ang1Y B. L()0king upset after receiving a phone call eould make a person approaching YOII think th at you are u nh appy t0 see him or her C. Touching someone's hand för an extended time could cause th at person tO think that yo u al ℃ flirting when that W as not your intent D. ()bserving a friend approaching, Y()t1 ()fli.:r a broad smilc as part 0fyour greeting. 35 ． Which of th e föllowing is NOT an obstacle t0 eneetive intercultural 守 线 试 内 不 诚 要 不 作 communicati()n? A. StCl ℃ ()typing C. l)rc111diCC D. Power B. Social protocols 4
===== PAGE 5 =====
订 守 试 内 不 要 得 分 Part III. Case study Analysis （ 40 p oi n ts) Directions ： Read the föllowing scenario and write your answers on the ANSWER SHEET. Scenario: Negotiation 13etwccn an American Software Company (Company A) and a Japanese Finn (Company B) Meeting Opening: Th e representative of Company A pushes a p rinted contract across the table. "Here's our proposed agreement, including deliverables, timelines, an d penalties for delays. Let ， s go through it point by point." The lcad representativc of Company B nods POI itely, tak es th e document, but does not open it immediately. "Thank you for your th() ro ugh preparation. We will review this carefully." A m anagcr ()f Company B asks the his collcagues directly, ' ℃ an you confirm acceptance by next Friday? We need to move quickly." Other members remain quiet ， occasionally exchanging brief comments in Japanese. When pressed on specifics ， they 1 ℃ spond ， "This may require further discussion. DisctlSSion Phase: An engineer Of Company A points t0 a clause, "lf testing is delayed beyond the deadline, Section 5 ． 2 states a penalty. DO yo u agree? ” c Japanese sides keep silent. After a pause, the engineer rephrases ， "ls there a problem with this? We need a clear ansvver. The m anage r Of Company B smiles and shifts focus ， "Your tech n i cal expertise is lmpressive. Wc value a strong, lasting partnership. ” After the meeting ， the Japanese te am leader quietly tells his ass istant ， "We must consult with executive before proceeding.' FoIIow-Up Reactions: Company A ， s internal email: "The Japanese side won ， t commit tO anything. Are they avoiding the issues? ” Company B ， s internal memo: "The Americans demand instant decisions, but unilateral commitments could dis 「 upt harm O ny. Su gge st informal discussions first.' Questions ： 6 （ 15 分 ） How does HaII ， s theory explain the communication cl ash between the two teams? Provide tWO speciflc examples from the scenario that illustrate each culture's communicati()n style. 37 · （ 25 分 ） tJsing ll()fktede's c u 1 tural dimensions, analy ze why the Japanese team priO 「 itizes gro up harmony an d consensus over immediate decisions, while the ()t least tWO relevant dimensions) Amcrican team expects clear dircct answers.
